On Monday afternoon, an extremist carried out an attack on Capitol Hill, shooting and injuring a police officer. The man has been identified as Thomas Finnigan, a white supremacist from Maryland. He has been taken into police custody, although currently Capitol Hill, including Congress and and the White House, remain on lockdown.
When the attack was carried out, Finnigan was described by eyewitnesses as trying to leave the visitor’s center, and advance further into either the library, Supreme Court, or even the White House.
“All I heard was ‘[expletive removed] Obama! [expletive removed] liberals and ISIS! Make America great again!” John Burke, a college student visiting the visitors center stated to ABC News. “Then we heard gun shots and were immediately instructed to leave the building.”
Thomas Finnigan is a 32 year old white supremacist linked towards having a strong affinity for Republican frontrunner Donald Trump on his Facebook. He grew up in a lower class family in Tennessee, and later moved to Maryland. Not much else is known about the shooter.
“It’s concerning, how some of our own born-and-bred American citizens are turning into terrorists over political unrest,” ABC political analyst Ana Cuddy said.
“While in my own opinion, I must say I take no issue with the conservatives of the United States in general, this is not the first time a Donald Trump supporter specifically has carried out violent acts towards other members of the population.
It is concerning to see how the Republican party has radicalized, and I hope the United States of America can learn its lesson from the treacherous acts Trump incites in our citizens.”
Obama Signs Executive Order Declaring Investigation Into Election Results; Revote Planned For Dec. 19th
Following the results of Tuesday night’s election, President Obama has signed Executive Order 13805, which orders a full recount of all votes cast in the election and calls for a special election to be held on December 19th. Obama signed the order in response to the concerns of thousands of voters across the country who said that they were prevented from casting a ballot on election day, too many absentee ballots have not been found or counted, equipment failures, as well as concerns that some members of the electoral college may have acted unethically.
“People all over the country have been flooding my office with calls, telling my staff of horror stories about being harassed and intimidated by poll workers,” Obama told reporters. “Many have even said that they were flat out denied entry into the voting booths to cast their ballots if they were wearing a Hillary Clinton shirt or other signs showing support for her as President. This was especially bad in areas of Florida and North Carolina where there are high numbers of Latino and African American voters. We must investigate these claims. The margin of victory is too close to call, and the outcome of this election is too important. There is just too many legal challenges in too many states to just call this a victory for Trump.”
Under the President’s order, the votes cast in all precincts nationwide will be recounted, and all poll workers who took part in Tuesday’s election will be subjected to strict background checks. This process is expected to take 30 days. In precincts where the Department of Justice has cause to believe that voter suppression has occurred, new elections will be held on Dec. 19th, with those results being used to help determine who will represent the individual states in the electoral college.
Not surprisingly, Donald Trump is not happy with the president’s decision.
“Crooked Hillary lost this election fair and square. They tried to rig this election against me, but the American people didn’t allow that to happen. President Obama doesn’t care about what the American people want. I said the system was rigged all along, and this proves I was right.”
“We have received information from a very reliable source that suggests there may have been some collusion between the members of the electoral college and poll workers in certain swing states. We still need to investigate these claims, but if they are true, we will take all the appropriate actions necessary.”
Paul Horner, a professor of political science at UCLA, believes that the issues with the electoral college run much deeper that this election.
“Most people feel that it is their right as citizens to pick the president of the United States, but there is nothing in the constitution that says that. Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by more than 200,000 votes, but because of the electoral college, she still lost. That decision is reserved solely for the 538 electors who meet in their respective states on December 19th. What the people are actually voting for are their states’ electors, not for the President. Though the system is odd and unfair, it has persisted because many insist that it works just fine as it is, with the winner of the popular and electoral vote usually matching. That does not mean, however, that it will continue to work just fine in the future. The way the system is set up could cause it to malfunction in some potentially terrifying ways, this recent election being one of them.”
Political Analyst Matt Daemon told ABC News that he agrees with the President’s Executive Order and said that he would like to see the electoral college done away with altogether.
“[The electoral college] is a f—king joke; we should be using the popular vote instead. It may have made sense in 1788, but so did the three fifths compromise. Everyone should have an equal vote, and that’s just not the case with the electoral college. You know what the electoral college gave us? It gave us George W. Bush. It gave us a war in Iraq, and the worst recession since the great depression. It’s time to bring our system into the 21st century. I hope Obama fixes this, because president Trump is going to be a nightmare.”
“We’re going to investigate the FBI into their role in all of this,” Obama said. “Why did FBI director James Comey on Sunday say that the agency is not recommending charges against Clinton after reviewing all of her emails; declaring Hillary Clinton a free women conveniently just one day before the election? Why wasn’t this news released earlier? How many votes were lost because of this?” Obama said. “If all of these questions cannot be answered by our deadline set in December, a recount will be ordered.”
In a unanimous decision by the Supreme Court today, the eight justices ruled in favor of revoking the Church of Scientology’s tax-exempt status in the United States. Under the ruling, Scientology will still be able to operate as a business but no longer as a non-profit religious organization.
The case was brought forward by the Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation Division after concluding a two-year-long investigation into the inner workings of Scientology. The investigation, along with an extensive audit, found the group to be a “criminal operation with a sole purpose of making money”. The eight justices agreed with the IRS and its findings that Scientology was neither a religion or fell under the guidelines of a non-profit charitable organization.
CI Special Agent, Tom Downey, worked closely with IRS Chief Counsel Criminal Tax Attorneys during the course of the investigation.
“If private schools had similar prices to the courses in Scientology, students would receive the absolute highest level of education by the top educators in the country,” Downey said. “But in reality, based on the ridiculously high cost of Scientology, there is no school out there that even exists. The best schools in this country charge a fraction of the exorbitant amounts of money that Scientology charges its members.”
Paul Horner, a spokesperson for Scientology, told ABC News the ruling is “discrimination based on religious beliefs”.
“In a free country, such as ours, it amazes me that over ten million Scientologists can have their beliefs trampled on like this,” Horner said. “The Church of Scientology is working hard to make this world a better place, constructing more buildings and ships and other really neat stuff, and now, most of that will have to be put on hold because of a few religious bigots.”
For years, Scientology’s claim of ten million followers has been widely disputed. In 2011, former editor, and longtime Scientology foe, Tony Ortega, wrote the following in The Village Voice:
“According to the latest survey, the total number of people who identify as Scientologists is just 25,000 in this country of more than 300 million human beings.”
Scientology teaches that 75 million years ago an evil galactic overlord named Xenu, ruler of a Galactic Confederacy, decided to tackle overpopulation by rounding up 13.5 trillion people in DC-8-like spacecraft, flying them to Earth (then known as Teegeeack), dropping them in the volcanoes of Hawaii and vaporizing them with hydrogen bombs.
Their spirits, known as thetans, attached themselves to humans at the dawn of man, and according to Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard is the root cause of all our fears, confusion and problems. For humans to reach a clear state, thetans must be removed from the body through therapy sessions, known within Scientology as auditing.
Scientology adherents must work through eight stages of auditing over a period of many years to reach this clear state, each of which costs thousands of dollars to partake in. It was these costs that the court took issue with, ruling that they far outstrip average course fees for educational establishments.
Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, told ABC News she lost her family because of Scientology’s disconnection policy.
“I was born into Scientology,” Bradley said. “When I turned seventeen I began to question some of their beliefs. My family, who are all members, told me to stay quiet, but it was too late and I was excommunicated from the church. Scientology’s upper management told me I was no longer able to see or talk to my family ever again,” Bradley said. “It broke my heart, I couldn’t even say goodbye to them. They were told by Scientology if they had any communication with me that they would be excommunicated too. My family chose Scientology over me.” Holding back tears Bradley says, “I just hope my family is proud of me, all that I’m doing with my life and everything I’m doing to help the homeless. I wish more than anything to see them one day; I love and miss them so much.”
Downey told reporters that Scientology spends tens of millions of dollars every year doing what no other religious non-profit organization does.
“The money is used to harass former members, coerce abortions, to secure their International base so people can’t escape, child abuse, forcing members to disconnect from family and friends who aren’t Scientologist friendly, and to litigate to death anyone who opposes them,” Downey said. “Years ago, the Cult Awareness Network was an organization that provided information on groups that it considered to be cults. After years of litigation with Scientology and being forced into bankruptcy, it is now a Scientology run enterprise. Over the years Scientology has also put many government officials and politicians in their pocket.”
For years, the Church of Scientology often pointed to their tax-exempt status as proof that it is a recognized religious entity in the United States. And there’s no disputing that tax-exempt status has been a huge boon to the Scientology industry. With such few members, but billions in real estate holdings, the Church of Scientology has been called “the most famous small business in the world,” with its tax exempt status saving the Church an estimated $20 million a year on property taxes alone.
Roberto Sigmond of Amnesty International told ABC News that revoking the Church of Scientology’s tax-exempt status in the United States is a huge win.
You are from UK and looking to buy Modafinil please have a look at this website where you can buy Modafinil online or learn about it from United Kingdom
“From all the deaths Scientology has caused over the years to its phony drug rehabilitation program, this is a great day for anyone that believes in human rights.”
After originally being recognized as a tax-exempt religious organization in 1957, Scientology’s tax-exempt status was lost in a 1967 IRS audit. As part of the effort to regain tax exemption during the late 1970s, Scientologists repeatedly infiltrated the IRS, copying large numbers of documents and at one point placing an electronic bugging device in an IRS conference room. These actions took place within a program code-named Operation Snow White. Eleven high-ranking Scientologists, including Hubbard’s wife Mary Sue Hubbard, were sentenced to time in prison for acts surrounding this operation. L. Ron Hubbard himself was named as an unindicted co-conspirator as investigators could not link him to the crimes.
The United States is not the first country to revoke Scientology’s tax exemption. In October of last year, a Dutch court revoked Scientology’s status as a “public welfare institution” and the tax exemption that goes along with it.
Janine Pieters, reporting in the NL Times, said the court ruled that sales of Scientology’s courses and therapy sessions are aimed at profit-making and that it does not therefore belong on the tax authorities charity list.
Beginning April 6th, 2016, The Church of Scientology will no longer receive tax exemption in the United States. Attorneys for Scientology have 30 days to appeal the case, although it is not yet clear whether they will or not.
The Super Pac’s supporting Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz have upped the ante in hope that a one-on-one debate with Donald Trump happens.
“Since we have not heard back from Donald Trump, we’ve decided to up the stakes. We’re confident that Trump will chicken out, but if he doesn’t, and does debate Ted Cruz one-on-one, in addition to us donating $1.5 million to veterans, Cruz will also wear woman’s makeup during the entire debate,” Paul Horner, a spokesman for the Keep the Promise I Super PAC said. “There is no way that Trump’s ego can pass up an offer this good,” Horner laughs.
At a rally Wednesday, Cruz renewed his proposal to Trump for a separate one-on-one debate, after the billionaire candidate announced he’d skip Thursday’s debate because he objects to moderator Megyn Kelly.
“If Donald finds Megyn so terribly frightening, I yesterday suggested an alternative. He and I are the leading candidates in this state right now, so how about the two of us in a one on one debate mano-a-mano?” Cruz told the crowd. “And I’m going to propose a venue: Western Iowa Tech, Saturday night in Sioux City — we already have it reserved.”
Then, he laid out the conditions: “Eight o’clock, Saturday night. A two-hour, one-on-one debate. Now, if gentle Donald cannot handle Megyn Kelly, how about — for a moderator, instead — Mark Levin? Or if he doesn’t like Mark Levin, how about Sean Hannity? And if he doesn’t like Sean Hannity, how about Rush Limbaugh?”
And if none of the three conservative radio hosts met with Trump’s approval, he had another idea.
“[I]f gentle Donald is frightened by Mark and Sean and Rush, then we’ll have no moderator whatsoever. A town hall of Iowans, and I’ll tell you what, Donald, you can invite half the people and control half the tickets. We’ll invite half the people and half the tickets, and each of us will alternate asking questions from the men and women of Iowa who are going to vote in the caucus on Monday night,” Cruz offered.
Cruz admitted that he doesn’t really expect Trump to accept the challenge.
“Because at the end of the day, it’s not really that Donald is afraid of Megyn. It’s not that he’s afraid of Mark or Sean or Rush. It’s not that he’s afraid of me,” Cruz explained, wrapping up his case against the billionaire. “He’s afraid of you. He doesn’t want to answer questions from the men and women of Iowa about how his record doesn’t match what he’s selling.”
The original offer, made by Super PACs supporting Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz, told reporters they will donate $1.5 million to charities committed to helping veterans if rival Trump agrees to a one-on-one debate with Cruz.
“Not only would this be a heck of a debate, but it would also be a terrific opportunity to generate millions of dollars for the veterans,” the Keep the Promise I and II PACs said in a joint statement Wednesday night.
Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she hopes Trump will accept the offer by Cruz for a one-on-one debate.
“It boils down to the fact that Cruz and Trump are both just pure evil. If Cruz’s Super Pac donates the money with no story, they don’t get their “headlines”. If they do something like this, to get the story, it gives Ted Cruz an opportunity to look like a hero in the eyes of his fans if Trump backs down. And if Trump agrees, it will be a fun circus attraction to watch. But most importantly, veterans will get $1.5 million and Ted Cruz will have to wear makeup,” Bradley said. “Even though Ted Cruz is evil incarnate, this is the only thing his campaign has ever done that I actually support.”
Megyn Kelly of Fox News, a moderator at Iowa’s debates on Thursday said she hopes Trump will accept the offer made by Cruz.
“Will Donald Trump man up and do this or will he chicken out? I for one would love to see veterans get $1.5 million, and maybe even more so, see what Cruz looks like with eye liner.”
The Unmasking: Ted Cruz is Definitely the Zodiac Killer
The Internet is the international online truth machine, and no matter how much the government may try to cover up massive conspiracies, the internet manages to find the truth. People in positions of prominence and authority are the most likely to be involved in such schemes, and as a result, have their secrets uncovered by diligent internet citizens. As such, Ted Cruz, a junior senator from Texas and candidate for the Republican nomination has become the center of a particularly enthralling and convincing conspiracy. We will state it simply:
Ted Cruz is definitely the Zodiac Killer.
Most people know quite a bit about the Zodiac Killer, without ever uncovering who he was. He committed a series of killings in the Bay Area of California about forty years ago – resulting in up to three dozen killings – after which the killer, presumed to be Ted Cruz, sent letters to California including a coded message.
The messages were coded with symbols, forming what is called a “cipher”. A cipher is something like this:
Bill Murray Kicks Off Presidential Campaign In South Carolina With A Bang
Just one day after the Democratic Primary, legendary actor, comedian, and writer, Bill Murray, brought his newly announced Presidential campaign to Charleston, South Carolina, speaking to an estimated crowd of over 100,000 cheering fans and supporters.
“Hello South Carolina! Are you ready to get weird or what?” Murray said to the roaring crowd.
Murray’s speech, which lasted a little more than an hour, touched on many issues from his campaign, including increased wages, health care, the cost of higher education and human rights in general. The rally also included wine tasting and stages where the people in attendance were allowed to sing karaoke.
“I saw the Republican debate the other night and it made me sick to my stomach,” Murray told the crowd. “Here are grown men, candidates running for President of the United States, and they’re acting like 4-year-olds. They’re up there on stage, broadcasted to the entire world, calling each other names, interrupting each other, making complete fools of themselves and I just thought to myself; I think the American people deserve better than this. I know we deserve better than this because we are better than this.”
Political analyst, Paul Horner, told ABC News he has taken an extreme interest in what Murray is doing since he announced his run for President just a little more than a week ago.
“I don’t know if Bill Murray is really running for President or if he’s just having some fun, but the man is making some excellent points out there. He’s getting people to think about the state their country is in right now and making a lot of people happy while doing it. I applaud Mr. Murray for what he’s doing.”
“I pretty much don’t like any of the candidates that are running for President right now,” Murray told the crowd, “I think Bernie Sanders seems like a decent guy, but the rest of em’, are pretty much complete pond scum in my opinion.” Murray continued, “I’m always traveling around the world, but I’m proud to call America, the good ole’ U.S. of A, my home. I think there’s a lot of great people here, a lot of potential, but there’s also a lot of confusion and hate right now. People don’t know what to make of these Hitler wanna-be’s like Donald Trump, and the Ted Cruz’s, who want to start World War III. They feed on the hate and paranoia a lot of this country has, and because of that, you see them leading in the polls. And it’s sad that people go along with it, and can’t see it for what it really is.”
Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks told ABC News that she fully supports Murray and his run for President.
“We need a new face in Washington. Someone who has no political ties or agenda and can’t be bought,” Bradley said. “I actually met Bill Murray a while back when we were starting our cause that gives new socks to the homeless. Bill made a donation right there on the spot, saying what we were doing was amazing; he’s such a great guy. He truly cares about people and making the world a better place.”
Murray finished the rally by saying, “I’m no hero, I just want to help out, and I hope you all choose to stand behind me, or beside me, or wherever is comfortable for you, but just as long as it’s with me. Look, we don’t need to make America great again, because it already is; we all just need to try a little bit harder and have more love in our hearts for our fellow man. I think if you can take care of yourself and then maybe take care of someone else then that’s sort of how you’re supposed to live. Lets all help each other make this the best life experience possible!”
Murray still has yet to announce if he will be running as an Republican, Democrat or Independent.
David Mikkelson, founder of Snopes, a website that takes the fun out of stories on the internet in order to generate advertising revenue, told ABC News that he approves of what a story like this is accomplishing.
“This type of story, when it goes viral, and we debunk it, we make money,” Mikkelson said. “The secret behind a good Snopes article is a formula that we have used since day one, it’s actually quite simple. First, we start with the same cookie-cutter outline we use for every site that we debunk.
Next, we copy and paste parts of the original article into ours. After that, one of our “writers” will type one or two sentences that talk about the content we just copy and pasted. And now, last but not least, we slap a title on there similar to the article’s headline that we’re debunking. This way it will show up at the top of Google for anyone searching for that story, and that’s it! Then we just sit back and let the money roll in. We are the absolute definition of clickbait! I’ll tell what, if it wasn’t for great writers like Internet news satirist Paul Horner, putting out the stories that he does, my children wouldn’t have been able to go to college.” Holding back tears, Mikkelson finishes by saying, “Though we are currently being sued by Fox News for calling them a “fake news site”, so lets just hope Paul Horner writes another story soon.”
Murray’s campaign team told reporters their next stop is the Arizona State Capitol on March 2nd and then the Tempe Improv later that night. It is rumored Murray will be at the Improv meeting with locals and telling a few jokes. Tickets to that show are only $10.
Obama Signs Executive Order Banning The National Anthem At All Sporting Events Nationwide.
Early this morning, President Obama made what could very well prove to be the most controversial move of his presidency with the signing of Executive Order 14302, which makes it illegal to perform the national anthem at sporting events nationwide. Under the new order, it is now illegal to perform or recite the national anthem in any public venue. Because the anthem is primarily performed before sporting events, this is where the new order will have its biggest impact. Individuals who violate this order can face fines of up to 5,000 dollars and up to one year in federal prison.
The president said that his decision is a show of solidarity with the athletes who have been taking a knee during the anthem to protest police brutality. The President went on to say that the language used in the anthem is “violent” and “hostile to African Americans.”
“If the recent protests by athletes like San Francisco 49ers Quarterback Colin Kaepernick have taught us anything, it’s that the anthem is far too violent and far too polarizing to have any place in the national discourse. Our nation is being torn apart by a song, a song that is outdated and, jingoistic. Without swift action, we cannot move forward as a nation; we cannot heal the wounds of racial division. How can we expect our police officers to stop killing African Americans when the very song of our nation is one that glorifies killing?”
Obama said that he would consider rescinding the order if Congress can come up with a politically correct version that more accurately reflects our changing values as a nation.
“The days of the United States being a domineering world power that seeks to police the entire world through military force are coming to an end,” Obama said. “We need an anthem that reflects the nation we are becoming, not the nation we used to be.”
It has now been over two months since Kaepernick was first spotted sitting down as the national anthem was sung at a preseason NFL game because he refused to “show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color.”
In a relatively short period of time, his protest of police brutality and racial injustice in the United States has captivated the country and sparked a debate not only about the state of race relations in America, but about what exactly it means to be a patriot.
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has already offered her support of President Obama’s decree and has vowed to uphold the order if she wins in November’s general election. She echoed his concerns about the anthem’s militaristic language and called it one of the last remnants of slavery.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump had some harsh words for both President Obama and democratic nominee Hillary Clinton over the new Executive Order.
“The hatred that President Obama and crooked Hillary have for this country really knows no bounds,” Trump said at a press conference this morning in southern Iowa. “I can tell you that when I’m elected I’ll have them both thrown in jail, and I’ll make sure that they have to listen to the anthem in their jail cells all day long. I just hope we can stop them from rigging the election.”
Chicago Cubs third baseman Paul Horner said that he will refuse to play until the President’s order is reversed.
“The national anthem is part of the game,” Horner told ESPN. “He might as well outlaw peanuts and crackerjacks. We always sing the anthem before we play ball, so if they aren’t going to sing the anthem, I’m not going to play ball. I think you’re going to find that I’m not the only one who feels this way. I’ve already got at least ten teammates who are ready to join me in a show of solidarity. I really think we can start a trend here.”
The reaction to the new Executive Order has not been all negative, however. Denver Broncos linebacker Brandon Marshall, who has himself taken a knee in protest of the National Anthem, called this “A great day not just for African Americans, but for all Americans who value freedom.” He said that “encouraging people to sing a song that contains such blatant nationalism and militarism makes us no better than North Korea”, and causes the majority of Americans to behave like “a pack of rabid, mind-controlled zombies.”
Obama also managed to garner the support of MLB commissioner Rob Manfred.
“People like to watch sports because they provide a distraction from their day to day lives.” the commissioner’s office told CNN via e-mail. “There no need to taint that with political statements. I applaud the President’s leadership on this difficult issue.”
Sarah Bradley, a spokeswoman for Sock It Forward, a group that provides the homeless and those less fortunate with brand new socks, spoke to CNN about the ban.
“This is a story about President Obama banning the National Anthem at sporting events around the country,” Bradley said. “I just want to say a big thanks to every God-fearing, Patriotic American that has supported our cause that gives brand new socks to the homeless. Please, donate what you can, every bit helps so much.”
Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, a mascot for a Christian organization that travels around the country educating children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, told CNN he disagrees with the President
“What the President really needs to do is put a ban on masturbation in this country. It is important to remember that our Lord and Savior loves each and every one of us, unless we masturbate, then we’ll burn in Hell for eternity.”
While Executive Order 14302 is likely to be challenged in court, experts say it could be tied up for years, meaning that it is unlikely to be reversed before it takes effect on December 1st. In the meantime, they say to expect numerous protests from those who disagree with the president’s decision.
The Obama Administration has set up a special 24-hour hotline to address any questions and concerns regarding the new Executive Order. The number for the hotline is (785) 273-0325.