President Trump made some remarks about the decision to pull the Republican House legislation to “repeal and replace” the Affordable Care Act. He said the lack of bipartisan support made passing the bill difficult and praised House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) for his leadership and hard work. The president predicted the law will fail on its own and prompt Democrats to eventually come to the table and negotiate a bipartisan health care bill. Telephone lines were open for viewer comments on the American Health Care Act, the Republican legislation intended to replace the Affordable Care Act.
The House convened to debate and vote on the American Health Care Act, a Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. President Trump hosted a White House event commemorating Greek Independence Day. He talked about Greek heritage and sovereignty and how freedom and democracy has formed a bond between the U.S. and Greece. Joining the president was Archbishop Demetrios of the Greek Orthodox Church of America and White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus. House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Ranking Member Peter DeFazio (D-OR) delivered remarks on U.S. infrastructure and its funding challenges to members of the Association of American Highway and Transportation Officials. He talked extensively about the challenges to increasing funding for road, bridge, and transit projects, specifically political resistance to raising the federal gas tax. Representative DeFazio said it was crucial that his fellow lawmakers resist the urge to use a temporary funding fix for transportation funding, and instead establish a sustainable user fee to pay for future maintenance. Senator John Barrasso (R-WY), who chairs the Environment and Public Works Committee, delivered brief remarks on U.S. infrastructure and its funding challenges to members of the Association of American Highway and Transportation Officials. He focused on the funding challenges facing lawmakers as they prepared to write a new infrastructure bill. Former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue (R) testified before the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee about his nomination to be agriculture secretary. He pledged to be a strong advocate for farmers and rural communities and stressed the importance of trade to the agriculture industry. Ranking Member Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D-MI) raised concerns about the proposed White House budget cuts to farm programs. Other issues addressed included crop insurance, forest management, immigrant labor, and farm bill reauthorization. Former U.S. Senator Saxby Chambliss (R-GA) and Representative David Scott (D-GA) provided introductory remarks in support of Mr. Perdue. House Democratic leaders speak to reporters as the House begins debate on the Republican bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. Pfizer CEO Ian Read delivered remarks on health care and the pharmaceutical industry. He said he opposed any legislation that placed price controls on pharmaceutical drugs, calling it bad policy. He also outlined recommendations on how to improve America’s health care system. These recommendations included the need for more incentives in health care prevention and eliminating the approval backlog for generics. The House convened to debate and vote on the American Health Care Act, a Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. President Trump met with Charter Communications CEO Thomas Rutledge and Texas Governor Greg Abbott (R) in the White House Oval Office. The President announced a plan by Charter Communications to invest $25 billion in the U.S. and hire 20,000 call center workers over a four year period.  Defense Secretary James Mattis and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chair General Joseph Dunford testified on the U.S. military’s readiness and the fiscal year 2018 budget. Much of the focus of the hearing was on the impact of budget restrictions, many of them related to the 2011 Budget Control Act, on the military’s overseas offensive and defensive abilities. Subcommittee members questioned the two Pentagon leaders on the possible effects of various budget cuts on military installations or projects in their states. Bob Cusack talked about the House Republican leadership’s efforts to pass the American Health Care Act, legislation intended to replace the Affordable Care Act. The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals heard oral argument in Moore v. Bryant, a case questioning whether the Mississippi state flag and its design are discriminatory and racist. Mississippi attorney Carlos Moore was appealing a lower court’s decision to dismiss his lawsuit against the state and its governor over the Confederate battle emblem in the upper left corner of the state flag. Mr. Moore argues that the flag is hateful government speech that has a discriminatory intent and a disparate impact on African Americans in violation of the 14th Amendment’s Equal Protection and Privileges and Immunities Clauses. The lower court judge ruled that Mr. Moore did not have standing and needed to prove that he suffered harm from the Confederate emblem on the state flag. The House Rules Committee debated H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act, which would replace the 2010 Affordable Care Act, and approved a rule governing its debate on the House floor. The rule provided for four hours of debate and one motion to recommit. Daniel Newhauser spoke by phone about the House vote on the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act.Telephone lines were open for viewer comments on President Trump’s demand that the House vote on the Republican health care bill that day. The legislation is intended to replace the Affordable Care Act. Daniel Newhauser also spoke by phone about the House vote on the Republican health care legislation. Telephone lines were open for viewer comments on President Trump’s demand that the House vote on the Republican health care bill that day. The legislation is intended to replace the Affordable Care Act. Daniel Newhauser also spoke by phone about the House vote on the Republican health care legislation. Susan Ferrechio spoke about the House vote on the American Health Care Act, the Republican legislation intended to replace the Affordable Care Act. The vote was originally supposed to take place that day, but was postponed until the next. Members debated a same-day rule to allow them to consider the Republicans' health care bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. Party leaders were still trying to lock down votes on the bill. After a short lunch break, the confirmation hearing of Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch continued before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Former law clerks and civil rights advocates testified on whether the judge is fit to be a Supreme Court justice.The next step in the process is a vote on his nomination in the Senate Judicary Committee followed by a full vote on the Senate floor. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer briefed reporters and responded to questions on a variety of topics, including the American Health Care Act legislation that was pending in the U.S. House and for which House Republican leaders were lobbying fellow members to secure enough votes for passage. Mr. Spicer also addressed questions on CNN’s report that associates of President Trump’s 2016 campaign were being investigated for colluding with Russians intelligence officials throughout the election. The confirmation hearing of Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch continued before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Members of the American Bar Association, former law clerks and members from other groups, such as the Sierra Club, testified before the committee on Judge Gorsuch’s qualifications. Representative Mark Walker (R-NC) talked about efforts to pass the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. Telephone lines were open for viewer comments on the American Health Care Act, the Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Representative Mark Walker (R-NC) was also interviewed about the legislation. President Obama spoke about the passage of the health care bill before signing it into law. Members of the audience included health care advocates, members of Congress, medical professionals, family members of Senator Ted Kennedy, and Americans who had written to the president about their challenges with health insurance. Representative Steve Russell (R-OK) was interviewed about the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act, which the House was scheduled to vote on later in the day. Telephone lines were open for viewer calls and social media comments on Republican efforts to pass a replacement bill for the Affordable Care Act. The House was scheduled to vote on the bill, the American Health Care Act, later in the day. An interview was shown with Politico’s Jennifer Haberkorn at the Capitol in which she talked about House consideration of the legislation. The House Rules Committee continued its meeting on the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act.In this portion, members heard from House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-MD) and Assistant Minority Leader James Clyburn (D-SC).On Friday, the House is expected to vote on the American Health Care Act (AHCA), the Republicans health care law repeal and replacement bill, which was postponed from Thursday.  Washington Examiner’s Susan Ferrechio gave details on the status of the measure. The House voted on a same-day rule for the Republicans' health care bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. Representative John Yarmuth (D-KY) was interviewed about the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act, which the House was scheduled to vote on the next day. This is only a portion of the interview. Representative Joseph Crowley (D-NY) was interviewed about the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act, which the House was scheduled to vote on the next day. Representative Kevin Brady (R-TX) was interviewed about the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act, which the House was scheduled to vote on the next day. Telephone lines were open for viewer comments on the American Health Care Act, the Republican legislation intended to replace the Affordable Care Act.  The House Rules Committee met to consider a rule for floor debate on the American Health Care Act, the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. In part 1, the chairs and ranking members from the Budget, Ways and Means. and Energy and Commerce Committees testified. In her weekly press conference House Minority Nancy Pelosi talked about House Republican efforts to replace the Affordable Care Act. She called President Trump’s push for a vote on their health care bill a “rookie’s error” because Republicans “clearly aren’t ready.” She also said House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes is “a stooge for the president.” Mark Toner briefed reporters and responded to their questions on a variety of international topics. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson called the terrorist attack in London “cowardly and despicable” at a news conference held outside the U.N. Security Council. He updated reporters on the situation and said an “attack on London was an attack on the world,” noting that the victims of the attack came from eleven different nations, including one from the United States. President Obama spoke about the passage of the health care bill before signing it into law. Members of the audience included health care advocates, members of Congress, medical professionals, family members of Senator Ted Kennedy, and Americans who had written to the president about their challenges with health insurance. Jennifer Haberkorn, Politico senior health care reporter, speaking by phone, previewed House consideration of the American Health Care Act, their plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. British Prime Minister Theresa May spoke from 10 Downing Street following an attack in London that killed three people and injured dozens of others. Prime Minister May branded it a terrorist attack, and said the U.K. would persevere through the attack. Members of Parliament expect to speak on the attack at its next sitting, which was scheduled for the next day, Prime Minister May said. British Prime Minister Theresa May spoke from 10 Downing Street following an attack in London that killed three people and injured dozens of others. Prime Minister May branded it a terrorist attack, and said the U.K. would persevere through the attack. Members of Parliament expect to speak on the attack at its next sitting, which was scheduled for the next day, Prime Minister May said. Hearings to examine the nomination of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Senate resumesd debate on S.J.Res. 34, a disapproval resolution to repeal an Obama administration Federal Communications Commission privacy rule for internet service providers. The Senate resumesd debate on S.J.Res. 34, a disapproval resolution to repeal an Obama administration Federal Communications Commission privacy rule for internet service providers. House Intelligence Committee Ranking Member Adam Schiff (D-CA) reacted to statements by Committee Chair Devin Nunes' (R-CA) regarding the committee’s investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election. Chair Nunes told reporters earlier in the day about possible incidental communications of the Trump transition team during a legal surveillance operation at Trump Tower. Representative Schiff said revelations by Chair Nunes were concerning because he first shared information pertinent to the scope of committee’s investigation with the White House before sharing it with other members of the committee. House Intelligence Committee Ranking Member Adam Schiff (D-CA) reacted to statements by Committee Chair Devin Nunes' (R-CA) regarding the committee’s investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election. Chair Nunes told reporters earlier in the day about possible incidental communications of the Trump transition team during a legal surveillance operation at Trump Tower. Representative Schiff said revelations by Chair Nunes were concerning because he first shared information pertinent to the scope of committee’s investigation with the White House before sharing it with other members of the committee. Members debated a same-day rule to allow them to consider the Republicans bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA) said President Trump was concerned following their meeting in which he was told classified information showed members of the intelligence community collected “incidental” communications of the Trump transition team. House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA) briefed reporters on possible incidental communications of the Trump transition team during a legal surveillance operation at Trump Tower. The news came after a tweet by President Trump that he was wiretapped by President Obama during the presidential campaign. Telephone lines were open for viewer calls and social media comments on the scheduled House vote later in the day on the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. Greta Brawner, throughout the program from the C-SPAN News Desk, read headlines about efforts to get enough votes to pass the legislation and other stories from around Washington. Telephone lines were open for viewer calls and social media comments on the scheduled House vote later in the day on the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. Greta Brawner, throughout the program from the C-SPAN News Desk, read headlines about efforts to get enough votes to pass the legislation and other stories from around Washington. Representative Mo Brooks (R-AL) previewed the day’s possible House action on the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. He is a member of the House Freedom Caucus, which opposes the legislation in its current form.Mary Agnes Carey talked about the latest on House Republican efforts to pass a replacement bill for the Affordable Care Act. The House was scheduled to vote later in the day on the legislation, which is titled the American Health Care Act. Topics included Medicaid funding changes if the Republican plan passes, and how to read the Republican bill and where it is posted. Mary Agnes Carey talked about the latest on House Republican efforts to pass a replacement bill for the Affordable Care Act. The House was scheduled to vote later in the day on the legislation, which is titled the American Health Care Act. Topics included Medicaid funding changes if the Republican plan passes, and how to read the Republican bill and where it is posted. Representative Earl Blumenauer (D-OR) previewed the House vote scheduled for later in the day on the Republican Affordable Care Act replacement bill. Peter Navarro gave the opening keynote address at an economic policy conference hosted by the National Association for Business Economics. After his speech he participated in a moderated question-and-answer session with the audience. Most of Mr. Navarro’s remarks focused on the trade policy goals of the Trump administration, and he stressed the president’s desire to use trade and tax policy to boost overall business growth, in particular in the manufacturing sector. Representative Tom Reed (R-NY) previewed the House vote scheduled for later in the day on the Republican Affordable Care Act replacement bill. He supports the legislation. Jennifer Haberkorn, Politico senior health care reporter, spoke by phone about the House vote scheduled for later in the day on the Republican Affordable Care Act replacement bill. Telephone lines were open for viewer calls and social media comments on the scheduled House vote later in the day on the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act.  Secretary of State Rex Tillerson hosted foreign ministers at the State Department to discuss global efforts in combating ISIS.* The meeting was a gathering of 68 members who make up the Global Coalition, an international body created in 2014 committed to working together to reduce the threat of ISIS. In his opening remarks, he updated members on the progress in the fight against ISIS but stressed what he called the need for more allies to pull their weight. Following Secretary Tillerson’s remarks, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi addressed the meeting.
The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), or DAISH/DAESH in Arabic is a militant group that has called itself the Islamic State. Senator Joe Manchin (D-WV) participated in a town hall with constituents in Morgantown, West Virginia.  The Senate Judiciary Committee entered its third day of testimony on the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to be an associate justice on the Supreme Court. Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch answered a final round of questions from Senate Judiciary Committee members. President Trump made remarks to reporters during a White House panel discussion at the White House on women in health care hosted by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Administrator Seema Verma. The president talked about the challenges posed by the Affordable Care Act and the important role women play in the health care industry, and briefly spoke about the Republican bill to replace the ACA. The House convened, returning from a recess to file a report from the House Rules Committee. Following the reports filing, the House adjourned. There was no video shown for this portion. Former Vice President Joe Biden was among the speakers at a House Democratic event to mark the seventh anniversary of the signing into law of the Affordable Care Act by former President Obama.  Following the short recess, Rules Committee Chair Pete Sessions (TX) announced that the committee would proceed with a “same day rule” process that gives the House the authority to debate and pass the health care bill on the same day. The Senate Judiciary Committee entered its third day of testimony on the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to be an associate justice on the Supreme Court. Questions from Democrats centered on a unanimous Supreme Court’s decision in Endrew F. v. Douglas County School District, a case about the educational rights of disabled students. The court in this case rejected a position endorsed by Judge Gorsuch in a 2008 10th Circuit decision. In Thompson School District v. Luke P, Judge Gorsuch wrote that school districts “merely” had to provide more than a minimal amount of extra help. The House Rules Committee continued its meeting as it heard from members who offered amendments to the Republican replacement bill for the Affordable Care Act.  Sean Spicer took questions from reporters at the daily briefing. He addressed the upcoming House vote on the Affordable Care Act replacement bill, saying he was optimistic the legislation would pass. In addition, he announced that President Trump spoke with British Prime Minister Theresa May by phone about the London terrorist attack that day. Mr. Spicer was also asked repeatedly about House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA) statement on the community collecting “incidental” communications of the Trump transition team. The House debated three bills under suspension of the rules, as well as a bill dealing with health insurance and small businesses. Telephone lines were open for viewer calls on the question, “Should Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch be confirmed?” The Hill's Molly Hooper, speaking by phone, gave an update on House Republican plans to vote on their bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. Telephone lines were open for viewer calls on the question, “Should Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch be confirmed?” The Hill's Molly Hooper, speaking by phone, gave an update on House Republican plans to vote on their bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. The Senate was expected to consider a disapproval resolution to repeal an Obama administration rule citing employers that fail to record certain employee illnesses and workplace injuries. The House convened for Morning Hour, when members were permitted to speak on a variety of topics. Judge Neil Gorsuch testified for a second day as the Senate Judiciary Committee considered his nomination to the Supreme Court.He Court. He answered questions on his record as a federal judge and his judicial philosophy. Each committee member had 30 minutes to question the nominee. Representative Tim Ryan (D-OH) talked about scheduled March 23 House vote on the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act, as well as President Trump’s budget, and the ongoing investigation into Russia’s hacking of the 2016 election.  Representative Jim Banks (R-IN) talked about his bill that would authorize the use of military force against ISIS* militants in Iraq and Syria. President Trump signed a NASA appropriations bill for fiscal year 2017. Several of the bill’s cosponsors were there to witness the signing, including Senators Ted Cruz (R-TX), Marco Rubio (R-FL), and Bill Nelson (D-FL). Astronaut Chris Cassidy presented President Trump with a NASA flight jacket. Senators Nelson (D-FL) and Cornyn (R-TX) spoke about the American Health Care Act. Senator Cornyn came to the floor to speak on Supreme Court Nominee Neil Gorsuch and became engaged in a debate over the American Health Care Act with Senator Nelson, who was already speaking on the subject. Senator Nelson made several references to a small meeting he had with constituents. While talking about their stories, he held up a picture of that meeting. The Hill's Molly Hooper, speaking by phone, gave an update on House Republican plans to vote on their bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. Three Syrian doctors were among the five witnesses at a hearing on the impact on the Syrian people of six years of constant militarized conflict in that country. They and two executives of foreign aid organizations talked about atrocities seen and experienced on the ground in Syria, particularly in and surrounding medical facilities in cities such as Aleppo. David Miliband of the International Rescue Committee and some of the senators on the committee were also critical of the impact of a newly-issued executive order on immigration from President Trump, which they said complicated humanitarian efforts related to the Syrian conflict. For personal security concerns, the three doctors used pseudonyms, and two of those three covered their faces. Four law enforcement experts testified at a hearing on efforts to identify and prosecute crimes committed against children, particularly those of a sexual nature perpetrated online. Sean Spicer briefed reporters and responded to questions on a variety of topics, including health care and the congressional probe into Russia’s hacking of the 2016 presidential election. FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Admiral Michael Rogers testified at a House Select Intelligence Committee hearing on Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. Mr. Comey acknowledged his agency was investigating whether members of the Trump campaign collaborated with the Russian government to influence the election. Regarding accusations made by President Trump via his Twitter account that President Obama wiretapped his Trump Tower residence shortly before the November 2016 presidential election, Mr. Comey told committee members neither he nor his agency had any information to support such claims. He also said no president has the ability to unilaterally order a wiretap, and that such an operation must go through a court process and be ordered by a judge. The Senate considered the nominations of Charles Breyer and Danny Reeves to the U.S. Sentencing Commission. The House debated legislation dealing with federal antitrust laws for health insurance businesses and the creation of association health insurance pools. Votes can be expected during today’s session. Members also approved a bill on Transportation Security Administration (TSA) technology acquisitions. House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) and leadership colleagues held a news conference following their meeting with President Trump on the House Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. Senate Democrats spoke to reporters following their weekly caucus lunch. Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) told reporters that Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch was playing “dodge ball” during his confirmation hearing.Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and other Republican leaders spoke briefly to reporters on their legislative agenda including health care legislation and confirmation process for Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch. Scott Wong talked about the status of the House Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-MD) spoke about his support for the Affordable Care Act and reacted to the House Republican bill to replace the law, the American Health Care Act. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) spoke about the House Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. Senate Judiciary Chair Chuck Grassley (R-IA) reacted to Minority Leader Chuck Schumer’s (D-NY) calls to delay confirmation until the investigation into Trump administration ties with Russia hds concluded, calling the prospect “ridiculous.” The House reconvened, and members votd on legislation dealing with repeal of health insurance and the creation of association health insurance pools. Senate Democratic leaders briefed reporters following their weekly party luncheon at the Capitol. Senate Republican leaders spoke to reporters about the legislative agenda and the confirmation hearing of Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch. Representative Robin Kelly (D-IL) talked about President Trump’s budget proposal, the house Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act, and the upcoming Congressional Black Caucus meeting at the White House. Representative Robin Kelly (D-IL) talked about President Trump’s budget proposal, the house Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act, and the upcoming Congressional Black Caucus meeting at the White House. Representative Jodey Arrington (R-TX) talked about health care, the previous day’s hearing on Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, and President Trump’s fiscal year 2018 budget proposal, including its impact on agriculture and veterans' affairs. Senator Ron Wyden, senior Democrat on the Finance Committee, spoke about the prospects for changes to corporate tax policy. He criticized proposals by the Trump administration concerning tax shelters and infrastructure investment, and called for a bipartisan approach to advance legislation. He gave these remarks at a forum hosted by the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center in Washington, DC. The Senate considered the nominations of Charles Breyer and Danny Reeves to the U.S. Sentencing Commission. The House convened for Morning Hour, when members were permitted to speak on a variety of topics. Telephone lines were open for viewer calls on news of the day. Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch and Senate Judiciary Committee members gave opening statements for day one of his confirmation hearing. Judge Gorsuch outlined his judicial record, saying that 97 percent of the cases he had heard were decided unanimously, and his opinion sided with the majority 99 percent of the time. Panelists talked about the Republican plan to replace the Affordable care Act. Representative Joe Barton (R-TX) said he believed it will not have enough votes to pass the House unless changes were made to it. Senator Bill Cassidy (R-LA) also participated in this discussion. Panelists talked about the Republican plan to replace the Affordable care Act. Representative Joe Barton (R-TX) said he believed it will not have enough votes to pass the House unless changes were made to it. Senator Bill Cassidy (R-LA) also participated in this discussion. The Supreme Court heard oral argument in Hernandez v. Mesa, a case on whether constitutional protections can extend past U.S. boundaries. The case concerns whether the family of a a 15-year-old unarmed boy on the Mexican side of the border can sue a U.S. Border Patrol agent for shooting and killing him. The shooting took place in a concrete culvert that separates El Paso, Texas, and Juarez, Mexico, with the boy on the Mexican side of the border and the agent on the U.S. side. Representative Michael Burgess (R-TX) and Andrew Slavitt debated the accuracy of the Congressional Budget Office’s scoring methodology for health care bills. This discussion was one of several panels at an event hosted by CQ Roll Call. Telephone lines were open for viewer comments on the previous-day House Select Intelligence Committee hearing in which FBI Director James Comey confirmed that his agency was investigating whether members of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign collaborated with Russia. House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA) answered from reporters about FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Admiral Michael Rogers' testimony at his committee’s hearing on Russian interference in the 2016 elections. House Intelligence Committee Ranking Member Adam Schiff (D-CA) spoke to reporters following testimony before his committee from FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Admiral Michael Rogers on Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election and potential ties between Russia and Trump campaign officials. Charles Krauthammer talked about his expectations for the Trump administration, the future of conservatism, and free speech on college campuses. He spoke at the National Review Institute’s annual Ideas Summit. Panelists talked about conservatism and class divide. Speakers included author J.D. Vance and National Review correspondent Kevin Williamson. They also discussed Donald Trump supporters and the challenges of the working class. They spoke at the National Review Institute’s annual Ideas Summit. Conservative pundits participated in a panel discussion on immigration policy at the National Review Institute’s annual Ideas Summit. Maureen Ohlhausen, acting chair of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), talked about privacy rules, and the role of the FTC and Federal Communications Commission (FCC) in overseeing privacy. President Trump addressed supporters at a rally in Louisville, Kentucky highlighting several initiatives under his administration including repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act, protecting U.S. borders, new trade deals, and creating more jobs. The House approved several bills debated earlier under suspension of the rules. The bill deal with the Homeland Security Department’s acquisition process. President Trump and Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi made remarks to reporters before a meeting with Trump Cabinet members. The House debated bills under suspension of the rules related to homeland security and agriculture. Telephone lines were open for viewer calls and social media comments on news of the day.
The program began with a clip of an interview with Senate Judiciary Committee Ranking Member Pat Leahy (D-VT) in which he talked about how he planned to approach the Gorsuch confirmation hearing. Kellyanne Conway delivered remarks at the National Review Institute’s annual Ideas Summit. Elizabeth Wydra and the Carrie Severino talked about the qualifications and career of Judge Neil Gorsuch, President Trump’s nominee to the Supreme Court. The program concluded with a clip of an interview with Senate Judiciary Committee Ranking Member Pat Leahy (D-VT) in which he talked about how he planned to approach the Gorsuch confirmation hearing. Seung Min Kim, speaking by phone, talked about Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch’s preparations for his confirmation hearing, which was beginning that day. C-SPAN looked back at the opening statements of all eight current Supreme Court Justices at their confirmation hearings. The program also included remarks by Senators who introduced the nominees. Katie Bo Williams previewed the day’s House Intelligence Committee hearing on Russia’s interference in the 2016 presidential election. Peter Hayes talked about his book Why?: Explaining the Holocaust. He also responded to viewer comments and questions on the Holocaust. He spoke at the 9th annual Tucson Festival of Books. FreedomWorks held a rally on Capitol Hill urging Congress to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) criticized House Republican leaders for their bill to replace the health care law, calling them “weak-kneed” and said their bill is riddled with problems. Other speakers included Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX), House Freedom Caucus Chair Representative Mark Meadows (R-NC), Senator Mike Lee (R-UT) and officials representing FreedomWorks and Tea Party Patriots. Telephone lines were open for viewer calls and social media comments on congressional hearings on Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation and Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election. At the conclusion of the program, a clip of an interview was shown with Senate Judiciary Committee Chair Chuck Grassley ((R-IA) in which he talked about how he planned to approach the Gorsuch confirmation hearing. Representative Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-DC) talked about her childhood, growing up in Washington, D.C., and attending Dunbar, the country’s first public high school for African Americans. Representative Norton also spoke about those who influenced her career and about her time as chair of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. This interview was conducted in 2005 by Julian Bond. It’s from the University of Virginia “Explorations in Black Leadership” oral history collection. Chris Fonvielle talked about his book, To Forge a Thunderbolt: Fort Anderson and the Battle for Wilmington, about the importance of Wilmington, North Carolina, during the Civil War and the role played by Fort Anderson. C-SPAN’s Local Content Vehicles (LCVs) made a stop in their “2017 LCV Cities Tour” in Wilmington, North Carolina, from February 18-24 to feature the history and literary life of the community. Working with the Charter Communications cable local affiliate, they visited literary and historic sites where local historians, authors, and civic leaders were interviewed. The history segments air on American History TV (AHTV) on C-SPAN3 and the literary events/non-fiction author segments air on Book TV on C-SPAN2.  Matthew Naylor gave a tour of and talked about the National World War I Museum and Memorial, built to preserve the history of what was at the time called “The Great War” and to honor the Americans who served. April 6, 2017, marked the centennial of U.S. entry into World War I. Sheelah Kolhatkar talked about her book, Black Edge: Inside Information, Dirty Money, and the Quest to Bring Down the Most Wanted Man on Wall Street, about the insider trading case against Steven Cohen and his firm, SAC Capital, one of the most successful hedge funds on Wall Street. Ken Rittenmeyer gave a tour of the missile defenses on the battleship USS North Carolina. He also spoke about how the U.S. used North Carolina-class battleships during World War II and why the technology on board was so revolutionary for its time.C-SPAN’s Local Content Vehicles (LCVs) made a stop in their “2017 LCV Cities Tour” in Wilmington, North Carolina, from February 18-24 to Jan Davidson talked about the Wilmington 10, a group of mostly African American students arrested after February 1971 protests in Wilmington, North Carolina, turned deadly. As the Civil Rights movement grew, students began to hold protests in the city that eventually led to the arrests of the Wilmington 10.Islah Speller gave a walking tour of Wilmington, North Carolina’s Sugar Hill neighborhood and explained how the 1898 coup d’etat changed the city. After the Civil War, Wilmington had and African American majority. Many of the city’s prominent African American leaders lived and worked in the Sugar Hill Neighborhood.Elizabeth Dowling Taylor talked about her book The Original Black Elite: Daniel Murray and the Story of a Forgotten Era, in which she recalls the rise and fall of America’s black elite, from Emancipation and the Jim Crow Era through the life of Daniel Murray, an Assistant Librarian at the Library of Congress.  Philip Gerard talked about his novel, Cape Fear Rising, about an 1898 insurrection in Wilmington, North Carolina. In the decades following the Civil War, Wilmington became destination for the middle class African American community, soon becoming the majority in the city and even holding public office. By 1898, the white minority in the city had had enough and planned a political coup d’etat. Christine Lamberton gave a tour of the Burgwin-Wright House in Wilmington, North Carolina, and spoke about the history of the property. The city’s original jail was built in the 1740s. As the city grew, the jail was moved and wealthy businessman John Burgwin bought the property and built on top of the existing structure.In the last stop on his first trip Asia trip, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met with Chinese President Xi Jinping. The two made brief remarks to reporters on U.S. -China relations.  feature the history and literary life of the community. Working with the Charter Communications cable local affiliate, they visited literary and historic sites where local historians, authors, and civic leaders were interviewed. The history segments air on American History TV (AHTV) on C-SPAN3 and the literary events/non-fiction author segments air on Book TV on C-SPAN2. Elizabeth Dowling Taylor talked about her book The Original Black Elite: Daniel Murray and the Story of a Forgotten Era, in which she recalls the rise and fall of America’s black elite, from Emancipation and the Jim Crow Era through the life of Daniel Murray, an Assistant Librarian at the Library of Congress.  Philip Gerard talked about his novel, Cape Fear Rising, about an 1898 insurrection in Wilmington, North Carolina. In the decades following the Civil War, Wilmington became destination for the middle class African American community, soon becoming the majority in the city and even holding public office. By 1898, the white minority in the city had had enough and planned a political coup d’etat. Christine Lamberton gave a tour of the Burgwin-Wright House in Wilmington, North Carolina, and spoke about the history of the property. The city’s original jail was built in the 1740s. As the city grew, the jail was moved and wealthy businessman John Burgwin bought the property and built on top of the existing structure.In the last stop on his first trip Asia trip, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met with Chinese President Xi Jinping. The two made brief remarks to reporters on U.S. -China relations.  Professor David Armitage talked about his book Civil Wars: A History in Ideas, in which he provides a history of civil wars throughout the world, from the Romans, who were the forebears of the concept, to America’s internal conflicts. He also addressed current international conflicts, which now extend beyond borders. President Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel held a joint news conference at the White House. Topics included NATO, violent extremism, the Republican replacement bill for the Affordable Care Act, immigration, and international trade. John Moseley gave a tour of what remains of Fort Fisher, which was once the largest fort in the Confederacy, and spoke about the two attacks that led to the fall of Fort Fisher shortly before the end of the Civil War. Fort Fisher sits at the mouth of the Cape Fear River and was one of several forts used to protect the port of Wilmington, North Carolina. C-SPAN’s Local Content Vehicles (LCVs) made a stop in their “2017 LCV Cities Tour” in Wilmington, North Carolina, from February 18-24 to feature the history and literary life of the community. Working with the Charter Communications cable local affiliate, they visited literary and historic sites where local historians, authors, and civic leaders were interviewed. The history segments air on American History TV (AHTV) on C-SPAN3 and the literary events/non-fiction author segments air on Book TV on C-SPAN2.Peter Bergen talked about his book, United States of Jihad: Investigating America’s Homegrown Terrorists. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT), a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, talked about his approach to the upcoming March 20, 2017, confirmation hearing for Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. Sylvia Tara talked about her book The Secret Life of Fat: The Science Behind the Body’s Least Understood Organ and What It Means for You, in which she looks the history and science behind body fat. She argued that there are some aspects of fat that are necessary for the body, including strengthening our immune systems, enabling our reproductive system, and helping with brain size. She was interviewed by Gina Kolata. Conservative legal scholars talked about the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. They examined some of his rulings in the areas of religious liberty, free speech, and giving deference to administrative agencies. Dennis Prager and Bret Stephens spoke about the growth of the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanction (BDS) movement and anti-semitism on American college campuses. They spoke at the 2017 Rancho Mirage Writers Festival in Rancho Mirage, California. The committee begins hearings on the nomination of Judge Robert Bork to be associate justice of the Supreme Court. Former President Ford, Senators Dole and Danforth, and Congressman Fish present Judge Bork to the committee during the first half hour.Opening statements follow, lasting approximately three hours. They center on the importance of the appointment and the Senate’s role. Senator Biden and Judge Bork conclude this section, with their statements lasting 17 and 9 minutes respectively. Judge Bork uses the time to expound his legal philosophy. There are short breaks during the hearing. One break contains interviews outside the hearing room with Senators Dole and Heflin. Sarah Fields talked about the impact of Title IX on equity in school sports and the prevention of gender discrimination. This interview took place at the American Historical Association’s annual meeting in Denver, Colorado. Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) gave the keynote address before a panel discussion on President Trump’s nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. Senator Klobuchar talked about Judge Gorsuch’s potential impact on antitrust cases. The discussion after her remarks focused on Judge Gorsuch’s history of various legal decisions, which many panelists said leaned in favor of corporations over consumers. Panelists also suggested lines of questioning they would like to see members of the Senate Judiciary Committee ask the nominee.British Prime Minister Theresa May answered questions from parliamentary colleagues on a range of issues. Topics included the country’s preparations for leaving the European Union, and the announcement that Scotland intends to hold another independence referendum to leave the U.K. Angus Robertson, who leads the Scottish National Party in the House of Commons, told the prime minister that if she were not prepared to negotiate a Brexit deal on Scotland’s behalf, then Scotland would pursue another independence referendum. Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn also pressed the prime minister on the government’s decision to reverse a position on national insurance. Prime Minister May also answered questions on cuts to schools and on urging President Trump to not cut humanitarian aid efforts in East Africa. Three former members of the Reagan Administration reflected on their time in the White House and their interactions with the president. They spoke about Ronald Reagan’s leadership style and diplomatic legacy, while arguing that the media underestimated him. This program was part of a three-day conference titled “Ronald Reagan and the Transformation of Global Politics in the 1980s.”  Representative Mark Meadows (R-NC), chair of the House Freedom Caucus, talked about his opposition to the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act, its chances of passing the House, and what he would prefer to see in a plan to replace the health care law. ustice Sonia Sotomayor was interviewed as part of C-SPAN’s Supreme Court Week. In her first television interview since joining the Supreme Court, Justice Sotomayor talked about her first impressions of the job, the acclimation process at the court, her first oral argument experience, and how she intends to be in certain phases of her job. She also discussed the call she received from President Obama asking her to be his nominee to the court and the confirmation hearings that followed. Justice Sotomayor was interviewed in the West Conference Room of the Supreme Court building. Justice Sotomayor was nominated to the bench by President Barack Obama. She began serving as an associate justice in 2009. She was preceded by Justice David Souter. Three former law clerks of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, as well as his former law partner, talked about their experiences working with him, as well as his qualifications to serve on the high court. The panelists discussed Judge Gorsuch’s approach to the law, his writing style, and how he works with court colleagues. Professor A. Roger Ekirch talked about his book American Sanctuary: Mutiny, Martyrdom, and National Identity in the Age of Revolution, in which he recalls the extradition of Jonathan Robbins to Britain for his involvement in a mutiny aboard the British ship the HMS Hermione in 1797. The decision to extradite the Connecticut resident by President John Adams was met with a critical backlash that paved the way for Adams' defeat to Thomas Jefferson in the presidential election of 1800.Ibram Kendi talked about his book, Stamped from the Beginning: The Definitive History of Racist Ideas in America. He also responded to viewer comments and questions on race in America.
Ibram Kendi spoke at the ninth annual Tucson Festival of Books. Peggy Grande, who worked for former President Ronald Reagan after he left the White House and returned to California, talked about her book The President Will See You Now: My Stories and Lessons from Ronald Reagan’s Final Years, in which she recalls her ten years with the former president and remembers the late president’s personal and professional relationships. The House Budget Committee voted 19-17 to advance the Republican plan to place the Affordable Care Act. Republican committee members Dave Brat (VA), Gary Palmer (AL) and Mark Sanford (SC) voted against the measure. The committee also debated and voted on recommendations offered by Democratic members which instruct the House Rules Committee on the Republican bill. Dana Sachs talked about her book, The Life We Were Givern: Operation Babylift, International Adoption, and the Children of the War in Vietnam. After the fall of Saigon in 1975, there were over 800,000 Vietnamese orphans in the country. The U.S. government launched Operation Babylift to fly these orphans out of Vietnam and bring them to awaiting families in the United States. Ms. Sachs spoke about some of the controversies surrounding the program and its effects on U.S. policy .Maureen Dowd talked about her book, The Year of Voting Dangerously: The Derangement of American Politics. She also responded to viewer comments and questions on politics and the media. The Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism held a hearing on Russia’s attempts to influence democratic countries around the world by various means, including propaganda, military threats, cyber attacks, and money-laundering networks. Experts and those experienced with Russian aggression, including former Estonian president Toomas Hendrik Ilvis, shared their observations with the committee and offered recommendations for how the U.S. could best respond to Russian actions to support and reassure other democracies around the world.Richard Haass talked about his book A World in Disarray: American Foreign Policy and the Crisis of the Old Order, in which he examines the challenges to U.S. foreign policy. In his book, he argues for what he calls world order 2.0, a more modern global operating system. Mr. Haass said that the U.S. maintains a leadership role in providing stability in the world but that America would also have to examine its own political issues. He also offered recommendations for a way forward. Mr. Haass was interviewed by Paula Dobriansky. Jennifer Daugherty gave a tour of New Hanover County Library’s North Carolina History Room and showed some artifacts from Wilmington’s history. Representatives Cheri Bustos (D-IL), John Yarmuth (D-KY), Collin Peterson (D-MN), and Tom O’Halleran (D-AZ) spoke against President Trump’s budget proposal and outlined cuts they said would put rural Americans at a disadvantage. Gwenyfar Rohler gave a walking tour of some of Wilmington, North Carolina’s important literary sites. Ms. Rohler is the owner of Old Books on Front Street. The publishing lab at the University of North Carolina Wilmington was profiled. Founded in 2000, the publishing lab is a program for students to lean about the publishing process from beginning to end. Classes are structured like editorial meetings, and the students are involved in working with writers, designing, and printing books. Professor Max Krochmal talked about changes to labor organizing in the post-World War II era. He describes how unions argued for the continuation of wartime practices, but often failed due to opposition from manufacturers and a lack of political party support. Sean Spicer briefed reporters and responded to questions on a range of issues. He answered several questions on the president’s proposed budget, wiretapping allegations, and rulings over the executive order on refugees and immigrants. On the executive order, Mr. Spicer told reporters that the White House planned to appeal the rulings from two federal judges over the ban and said the “danger is real and the law is clear.” He also said the president stood by the wiretapping allegations and accused the media of perpetuating false narratives. White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney also attended the briefing and answered questions on the proposed budget. Historians and authors talked about the legacy of Reconstruction. They speculated on Abraham Lincoln’s plans for the post-Civil War period had he not been assassinated, and they discussed the effectiveness of programs put forth by his successors, Presidents Andrew Johnson and Ulysses S. Grant. They also talked about the role of the U.S. Supreme Court during Reconstruction and drew parallels from the era to the Civil Rights Movement and today. Jennifer Mathis talked about a proposal to allow employers greater access to their employees' medical and genetic records and allow them to penalize those who do not participate in workplace wellness programs. Professor Brad Snyder talked about his book, The House of Truth: A Washington Political Salon and the Foundations of American Liberalism, about a group of Washington professionals interested in promoting progressive politics that regularly met in a row house in the city’s Dupont Circle Neighborhood in the early 20th century. The house, located on 19th Street, hosted regular political salons that included the likes of Supreme Court Justices Oliver Wendell Holmes and Felix Frankfurter, future Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis, journalist Walter Lippmann, and sculptor Gutzon Borglum, the creator of Mount Rushmore. Luke Mayville, author of John Adams and the Fear of American Oligarchy, and Richard Alan Ryerson, author of John Adams’s Republic: The One, the Few, and the Many, provide insight into the political views of America’s 2nd president with a focus on Adams’s fears of aristocracy. They spoke with Tom Donnelly. Christian McBurney talked about his book about how British and American forces attempted to abduct military officers during the Revolutionary War, including George Washington and Benedict Arnold. Following his talk, a panel of military historians spoke with the audience about the ethics of abductions, taking prisoners, and prisoner exchanges during wartime. Panelists talked about how conservative viewpoints are represented and expressed in film, television, and popular culture. They spoke at the National Review Institute’s annual Ideas Summit. David Horowitz talked about his book Big Agenda: President Trump’s Plan to Save America, in which he outlines the priorities he thinks the White House administration should focus on. Historians talked about how the Reagan administration transformed global politics. They discussed global financial markets, oil markets, human rights, and cybersecurity against the backdrop of the Cold War. They also spoke about how Ronald Reagan responded to international events throughout his presidency. This program was part of a three-day conference titled “Ronald Reagan and the Transformation of Global Politics in the 1980's.”  Stephen Kinzer talked about his book The True Flag: Theodore Roosevelt, Mark Twain, and the Birth of American Empire, in which he recounts the public debate over American foreign policy at the turn of the 20th century. In his book, the author reports that President Theodore Roosevelt along with his supporters, such as William Randolph Hearst and Henry Cabot Lodge, proposed imperial expansion, with their sights set on the Philippines, Puerto Rico, and Cuba. Roosevelt’s opposition, composed of public intellectuals and business leaders, such as Mark Twain, Andrew Carnegie, and Booker T. Washington, argued for restraint. The Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing on immigration fraud using K-1 visas. A K-1 visa allows a non-U.S. citizen to enter the U.S. and marry a citizen within 90 days. Witnesses included victims of fiancé visa and officials from Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and the State Department. The San Bernadino, California shooter who killed 14 people entered the country using a K-1 visa. Jill Jonnes talked about her book Urban Forests: A Natural History of Trees and People in the American Cityscape, in which she examines the natural history of trees and their impact on urban settings. Dorothy Height talked about her life and career. Ms. Height served as president of the National Council of Negro Women from 1957 to 1998, and was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1994. This interview is from the “Explorations in Black Leadership” project, co-directed by University of Virginia professors Phyllis Leffler and Julian Bond. This program was recorded in 2003. Ms. Height died in 2010. Julissa Arce talked about her book My (Underground) American Dream: My True Story as an Undocumented Immigrant Who Became a Wall Street Executive. she also responded to viewer comments and questions on immigration policy. Timothy Heath and Sean Miner previewed Secretary of State Tillerson’s visit to China. Roger Moss gave a tour of the building that served as the meeting place of the First Continental Congress in 1774. It was also the former home to Ben Franklin’s Library Company, the American Philosophical Society, and the First and Second Banks of the United States. The building was constructed in 1770 by members of the oldest trade guild in America. This 1952 Encyclopaedia Britannica film features a foreign trade skeptic and sets out to answer his concerns by interviewing workers, a scholar, and industrialists in various locations in the U.S. and abroad. It was presented by the Twentieth Century Fund, a progressive think tank founded in New York City in 1919. This 1951 Coronet educational film describes the process of international commerce and trade and argues that it is a necessity of the modern world. It uses the sale of American tractors to Brazil as an example. Panelists talked about immigrants and education. Panelists included Julissa Arce, author of My (Underground) American Dream: My True Story as an Undocumented Immigrant Who Became a Wall Street Executive, and Daniel Connolly, author of The Book of Isaias: A Child of Hispanic Immigrants Seeks His Own America. Kay Hymowitz talked about her book The New Brooklyn: What it Takes to Bring a City Back, in which she discusses the transformation of cities.  Richard Frank talked about America’s post-World War II occupation of Japan. Mr. Frank spoke about General Douglas MacArthur’s relationship with Emperor Hirohito, and efforts to set up food distribution networks for a population on the brink of starvation. This hour-long talk was part of a multi-day conference at the National World War II Museum in New Orleans entitled “1946: Year Zero, Triumph and Tragedy.” Attorneys and legal analysts talked about the confirmation process for President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil Gorsuch. His confirmation hearings were scheduled to begin on March 20, 2017. Robert Green spoke about the results of the latest C-SPAN/Penn, Schoen, Berland survey on the Supreme Court. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) spoke on the Senate floor about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. Panelists talked about the people and ideas that shaped Abraham Lincoln’s political persona. Panelists included Harold Holzer, Ronald White, Richard Brookhiser, and Sidney Blumenthal. The House voted unanimously to pass a bill creating new Veterans Affairs Department staff recruitment and retention programs. C-SPAN’s Susan Swain sat down with Steve Scully to discuss C-SPAN’s 38th anniversary. Joe Williams talked about the House Budget Committee’s 19-17 vote to advance the Republican health care replacement bill. Mayor Bill Saffo spoke about the history and politics of Wilmington, North Carolina, as scenes and still images of the city were shown. The House debated a combined rule on three bills dealing with veterans affairs, including one on background checks for gun purchases by veterans with mental health issues.  President Trump nominated U.S. Court of Appeals Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court to fill the seat of former Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February 2016. Senate Democrats held a news conference on their paid family and medical leave legislation. The proposal provides for up to 12 weeks of paid leave for full- or part-time workers who need time to care for a newborn, a seriously ill family member, or for their own serious health condition. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand (NY), the co-sponsor of the Family Act, called President Trump’s proposal for family leave “entirely unacceptable.” The president’s plan is not gender-neutral and would only provide medical leave to women to care for a newborn baby. Jason Silverman, author of Lincoln and the Immigrant, talked about Abraham Lincoln’s personal, professional, and political relationship with the immigrant population. “I am not a Know Nothing...How Can I be?: Abraham Lincoln’s Life-long Relationship with Immigrants” was part of the annual Abraham Lincoln Symposium exploring the 16th president’s life, career, and legacy.  Allen Guelzo, author of Redeeming the Great Emancipator, talked about President Lincoln’s record and reputation. “Hating Lincoln, or, Why So Many Americans Think the Great Emancipator is No Longer Great or an Emancipator” was part of the annual Abraham Lincoln Symposium exploring the 16th president’s life, career, and legacy. Senator Orrin Hatch (R-UT) spoke on the Senate floor about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. Stephen Engle, author of Gathering to Save a Nation: Lincoln and the Union’s War Governors, talked about the pivotal role the Union governors played in securing victory in the Civil War. “They are a Body of Wise and Patriotic Men: Lincoln’s Loyal Governors” was part of the annual Abraham Lincoln Symposium exploring the 16th president’s life, career, and legacy. In the weekly Democratic address, Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) responded to President Trump and congressional Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act.  President Lyndon Johnson discussed the war in Vietnam, legislation, and a summit about Latin America. Participants included Vice President Hubert Humphrey, Secretary of State Dean Rusk, and members of Congress.  Daniel Crofts, author of Lincoln and the Politics of Slavery, talked about President Lincoln’s views on Emancipation. “The Paradoxical Emancipator: Abraham Lincoln and the Other Thirteenth Amendment” was part of the annual Abraham Lincoln Symposium exploring the 16th president’s life, career, and legacy.  Former President George W. Bush talked about his book Portraits of Courage: A Commander in Chief’s Tribute to America’s Warriors. He spoke about his paintings of American veterans included in the book and why he chose the veterans as his subjects. He spoke with Frederick Ryan.  Historians talked about Abraham Lincoln’s life, career, and legacy. Speakers include Daniel Crofts, author of Lincoln and the Politics of Slavery; Stephen Engle, author of Gathering to Save a Nation: Lincoln and the Union’s War Governors; Allen Guelzo, author of Redeeming the Great Emancipator; Jason Silverman, author of Lincoln and the Immigrant; and Douglas Wilson, co-editor of Herndon on Lincoln: Letters. Marine Corps Commandant General Robert Neller, Acting Navy Secretary Sean Stackley testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee on the ongoing investigation into Marines sharing nude photos of female service members without their permission as part of the “Marines United” Facebook group and associated website. General Neller told committee members he would initiate a cultural change throughout the service to make it clear such actions on social media were unacceptable. Many senators on the committee, however, expressed frustration with General Neller’s response, saying leadership in the Marines and in the Pentagon’s other branches have routinely ignored or underplayed sexual crime allegations. Following about two-and-a-half hours of open questioning, the committee recessed into a closed session to discuss law enforcement-sensitive matters related to the ongoing investigation. Senator Chuck Grassley (R-IA), chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee, talked about his approach to the upcoming March 20, 2017, confirmation hearing for Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. Douglas Wilson, co-editor of Herndon on Lincoln: Letters, talked about the writings of William H. Herndon, Abraham Lincoln’s biographer and law partner. “William H. Herndon in His Own Voice” was part of the annual Abraham Lincoln Symposium exploring the 16th president’s life, career, and legacy. John Tamny talked about his book, Who Needs the Fed?: What Taylor Swift, Uber, and Robots Tell Us About Money, Credit, and Why We Should Abolish America’s Central Bank.  House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) and Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-MD) engaged in a colloquy about the upcoming legislative agenda, which included the Republican health care replacement legislation, expected on the floor during the upcoming week. Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA) and other members of the House Republican Study Committee spoke to reporters after their meeting with President Trump on the House Republican replacement bill for the Affordable Care Act. They characterized the meeting as a successful one. Lisa Lucas, executive director of the National Book Foundation, talked about the organization’s goals and involvement in the publishing world. She was joined in conversation by poet Robin Coste Lewis, novelist Rachel Kushner, and Los Angeles Times book editor Carolyn Kellogg. Lisa Lucas, executive director of the National Book Foundation, talked about the organization’s goals and involvement in the publishing world. She was joined in conversation by poet Robin Coste Lewis, novelist Rachel Kushner, and Los Angeles Times book editor Carolyn Kellogg. Environmental Protection Agence Administrator Scott Pruitt delivered keynote remarks at the National League of Cities conference. He outlined EPA priorities for working with local communities. Seema Verma was sworn in as Centers for Medicare and and Medicaid Services administrator by Vice President Pence. In remarks, Administrator Verma stressed the importance of repairing the health care system immediately. C-SPAN’s Local Content Vehicles (LCVs) made a stop in their “2017 LCV Cities Tour” in Wilmington, North Carolina, from February 18-24 to feature the history and literary life of the community. Working with the Charter Communications cable local affiliate, they visited literary and historic sites where local historians, authors, and civic leaders were interviewed. The history segments air on American History TV (AHTV) on C-SPAN3 and the literary events/non-fiction author segments air on Book TV on C-SPAN2.  Chris Miller talked about his book The Struggle to Save the Soviet Economy: Mikhail Gorbachev and the Collapse of the USSR, in which he discusses why the Soviet economy collapsed in the late 1980s. In his book, he argues that the Soviet attempts to transition from socialism to capitalism, modeled on China’s transition, were plagued by politics.  Robert Lighthizer testified at a Senate Finance Committee confirmation hearing on his nomination to be U.S. trade representative. Members asked him questions on several issues including potential trade agreements and NAFTA renegotiation, intellectual property rights, bolstering the U.S. agriculture and steel industries, and competition and trade with China. British physicist Helen Czerski talked about her book Storm in a Teacup: The Physics of Everyday Life, in which she uses every day objects and occurrences to explain physics and the universe in layman’s terms. Ashley LiBetti Mitchel talked about her Education Next article in the Winter 2017 issue on pre-K programs at charter schools in the U.S. Dr. Danielle Ofri talked about her book What Patients Say, What Doctors Hear, in which she explores communication between patients and their doctors and the impact it can have on their overall health. Douglas Holtz Eakin, former director of the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), participated in a discussion with other experts on the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) as it approached congressional re-authorization in 2017. Former Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius talked about Republican proposals to replace the Affordable Care Act, a law she helped implement. She spoke via video link from Topeka, Kansas. Panelists spoke about the pros and cons of giving states more flexibility and power over Medicaid. Representative Brett Guthrie (R-KY) talked about Medicaid and the role of states in administering the program. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se held a joint news conference in Seoul, South Korea. Both leaders stressed the importance of the U.S.-South Korea alliance during a time of rising threats from North Korea. Secretary Tillerson repeated that the policy of “strategic patience” with North Korea had ended and said all options were on the table. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met with Acting South Korean President Hwang Kyo-ahn on his visit to Seoul. The two leaders delivered brief statements highlighting the importance of the U.S.-South Korea alliance, especially in relation to the security concerns and growing threat of North Korea’s nuclear program. President Trump spoke with reporters following a meeting members of the Republic Study Committee in the Oval Office. He said “every single one” of the committee’s members would vote “yes” on the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act despite having previously opposed it. Senator Mike Lee (R-UT), a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, talked about his approach to the upcoming March 20, 2017, confirmation hearing for Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch.  C-SPAN’s Local Content Vehicles (LCVs) made a stop in their “2017 LCV Cities Tour” in Richmond, Virginia, from January 21-27 to feature the history and literary life of the community. Working with the Comcast cable local affiliate, they visited literary and historic sites where local historians, authors, and civic leaders were interviewed. The history segments air on American History TV (AHTV) on C-SPAN3 and the literary events/non-fiction author segments air on Book TV on C-SPAN2. Senator Jeff Flake (R-AZ), a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, talked about his approach to the upcoming March 20, 2017, confirmation hearing for Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch.  Federal Communications Commission Chair Ajit Pai (R) and Commissioners Mignon Clyburn (D) and Michael O’Rielly (R) testified at an oversight hearing of their agency. Topics included open internet and network neutrality rules, spectrum policy and availability, wireless broadband access, and internet access and connectivity in the rural areas. Panelists talked about the complex U.S.-Mexico relationship and the border sharing challenges both countries face in a 21st century economy. Topics included the strained relations between the U.S. and Mexico under the Trump presidency, immigration, and trade. President Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel posed for a photograph before a bilateral meeting in the Oval Office. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen briefed reporters on a variety of economic issues following a two-day meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee. She announced an increase in the benchmark short-term interest rate from .25 percent to one percent, marking the central bank’s third increase since the Great Recession. Chair Yellen said the message is that “the economy is doing well,” citing lowering unemployment. Panelists talked about the monetary policies that had helped and hindered economic growth in recent years. They focused on the tacks federal officials might take in the coming months to stimulate further economic growth while also keeping inflation under control. Speakers included a former Federal Reserve Board official. “Outlook for Monetary Policy and the Fed’s Balance Sheet” was a session of the National Association for Business Economics' economic policy conference. President Trump reiterated his commitment to the nation’s veterans saying, “we will protect those who protect us.” His comments came as he held a meeting with VA Secretary David Schulkin at the White House to discuss how the Department of Veterans Affairs can be more efficient in delivering services. The House Budget Committee continued debate on the Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Both Republicans and Democrats offered motions on recommendations for the House Rules Committee which was also scheduled to take up the legislation. Some of the motions involved a work requirement for some Medicaid recipients and a means test for tax credits aimed at helping individuals purchase health insurance.  Prime Minister Theresa May delivered a statement the day after the British Parliament passed the “Brexit” bill" following several weeks of debate and clearing the way for the government to officially trigger negotiations to leave the European Union. The prime minister updated members on her meetings with European leaders and the next steps for Brexit negotiations. She would not give a firm date on when negotiations would start but repeated that it would be some time before the end of March 2017. She also responded to questions over Scotland’s announcement that it intends to hold a second referendum on independence. President Trump met with Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny at the White House for the annual St. Patrick’s Day bilateral meeting between the U.S. and Irish leaders. Photographers were invited into the Oval Office for a brief photo opportunity. At his weekly legislative briefing, Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) said House Republicans were on schedule to pass their bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. He said the plan would go through four committees before reaching the House floor, and that President Trump was deeply involved in the legislation. When asked about President Trump’s claim of wiretapping at Trump Tower by former President Obama wiretapping claims, the speaker responded, “We’ve seen no evidence of that.” At her weekly briefing with reporters, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) described the Trump administration’s just-released budget proposal as “not a statement of values” and a “slap in the face of the future.” The White House budget proposal calls for additional defense spending and increases the budget for immigration enforcement at the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson took part in a joint news conference with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in Tokyo. Secretary Tillerson talked about the escalating threat of North Korea’s nuclear program, telling reporters that the diplomatic efforts of the previous 20 years dealing with North Korea’s nuclear program had “failed” and that the U.S. needs a “different approach.” Secretary Tillerson also answered questions around proposed cuts to the State Department, saying the level of spending the department had been undertaking over the past year was not “sustainable” and that his department would be more effective and efficient. Representative Mark Pocan (D-WI), first vice chair of the Progressive Caucus, talked about the House Democratic agenda, the Republicans' bill to replace the Affordable Care Act, and the Trump administration’s budget blueprint.  President Trump delivered remarks at a St. Patrick’s Day reception in the White House East Room. He addressed U.S.-Ireland relations and the importance of the St. Patrick’s Day celebration. Vice President Mike Pence and Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny also made brief remarks. Vice President Pence swore in Dan Coats as director of national intelligence (DNI) following his Senate confirmation the previous day. Mr. Coats said he was committed to working with the intelligence community and staff to help keep America safe. The House approved two measures concerning veterans. One gives the VA the authority to fire and demote employees based on performance. The other would end reporting to the FBI background check system on veterans being treated for mental illness.President Trump and Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny spoke at the annual Friends of Ireland luncheon at the U.S. Capitol. The president talked about the contributions of Irish immigrants to the U.S. and the traditions that bind the two countries. Prime Minister Kenny discussed areas in which the U.S. and Ireland could work together, including immigration and the Northern Ireland peace process. The event was hosted by House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI). President Trump greeted Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny at the West Wing of the White House ahead of the traditional St.Patrick’s Day bilateral meeting between the leaders of the U.S. and Ireland.The committee marked up the Vietnam War Veterans Recognition Act, legislation intended to amend title four of the United States Code to encourage the display of the flag of the United States on National Vietnam War Veterans Day. Howard Schneider talked about the Federal Reserve’s decision that week to raise the short-term interest rate by .25 percent, as well as how consumers could be affected by the increase. House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA) and ranking member Adam Schiff (D-CA) spoke with reporters about the status of their committee’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 elections. They announced they were sending letters to the heads of the FBI, CIA, and National Security Agency requesting names discovered over the last several months in connection with Russian interference in the 2016 election. Both also said they had seen no evidence supporting President Trump’s allegation that President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower during the 2016 presidential campaign. Vice President Mike Pence welcomed Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny at a Saint Patrick’s Day breakfast reception at the vice presidential residence. Vice President Mike Pence welcomed Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny at a Saint Patrick’s Day breakfast reception at the vice presidential residence. Vice President Mike Pence welcomed Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny at a Saint Patrick’s Day breakfast reception at the vice presidential residence. Justice Department officials announced charges against four people, including two Russian intelligence officers, for the 2014 hacking of 500 million Yahoo accounts. President Trump spoke at a rally in Nashville, Tennessee, about the Republican Affordable Care Act replacement bill. In his remarks he also criticized the blocking of his revised travel ban by a court in Hawaii as an “unprecedented judicial overreach. Panelists that included former Congressional Budget Office director Douglas Elmendorf talked about fiscal and budgetary policy. They focused on tax, immigration, and health care policies set by Congress and the White House that have had the most impact on the U.S. economy, and balancing the legislative and executive branches to address various domestic and foreign priorities in the coming years. President Trump talked about the auto industry and the economy in Ypsilanti Township, Michigan, at the American Center for Mobility. Het talked about his administration’s plans to boost job creation in the automobile and manufacturing industries. Health care industry representatives talked about the role of the Independent Payment Advisory Board (IPAB). IPAB is a 15-member agency created by the Affordable Care Act to recommend cost-cutting measures for Medicare if projected spending exceeds a target growth rate. Since the passage of the ACA in 2010 through 2016, IPAB formation had not been triggered, but some experts believe it would be triggered in 2017. The panelists discussed the potential negative effects of IPAB formation, and made suggestions for better alternatives to achieve Medicare savings, including what might be achieved via bipartisan legislation from Congress. Telephone lines were open for viewer calls and social media comments on President Trump’s claim that the Obama administration ordered wiretaps on his Trump Tower residence in New York City. Representative Gene Green (D-TX) talked about the House Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act, including reaction to the Congressional Budget Office’s recently-announced cost estimate. FBI Director James Comey delivered the keynote address at the first annual Boston Conference on Cyber Security. Director Comey talked about the FBI’s increasing focus on cybersecurity and about the importance of private companies partnering with law enforcement agencies to combat online criminals. During his speech, Mr. Comey also said that he intended to serve out the remaining six-and-a-half years of his decade-long term as FBI director. Following his remarks, he responded to questions on cybersecurity. The Senate confirmed former Senator Dan Coats' nomination to be director of national intelligence. Members also voted on Lieutenant General H.R. McMaster, who had been serving as national security to President Trump since February 20. He did not need Senate confirmation for the job but did need Senate approval to retain his military rank while serving in the traditionally civilian position. oward Kittell gave a tour of Andrew Jackson’s Hermitage, the place that Andrew and Rachel Jackson called home from 1804 through President Jackson’s death in 1845. Mr. Kittell spoke about the property’s history and how the home grew from a two-story log cabin into a presidential residence. Representative Larry Bucshon (R-IN) examined Republican legislation to replace the Affordable Care Act and discussed the Congressional Budget Office’s cost estimate on the bill. The House passed two bills, including one that re-designates Georgia’s Martin Luther King, Jr. National History Site as a National Historic Park. Senator Ron Wyden (D-OR) spoke against the nomination of Senator Dan Coats (R-IN) to be director of national intelligence. Senator Mark Warner (D-VA), vice chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, spoke in favor of the nomination of Senator Dan Coats (R-IN) to be director of national intelligence. Senator Richard Burr (R-IN), chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, spoke in favor of the nomination of Senator Dan Coats (R-IN) to be director of national intelligence. The House was debated three bills under suspension of the rules, including a bill to re-designate Georgia’s Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historic Site as a National Historic Park. John Wonderlich previewed Sunshine Week, which is dedicated to government transparency and accountability. Mark Toner briefed reporters and responded to question at the daily State Department briefing. Topics included Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s decision to travel to Asia without the diplomatic press corps. Mr. Toner said a smaller plane was chosen for the trip as a cost-saving measure. Telephone lines were open for viewer calls and social media comments on MSNBC’s release of President Trump’s tax returns from 2005, which show he paid $38 million that year. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson called the terrorist attack in London “cowardly and despicable” at a news conference held outside the U.N. Security Council. He updated reporters on the situation and said an “attack on London was an attack on the world,” noting that the victims of the attack came from eleven different nations, including one from the United States. President Obama spoke about the passage of the health care bill before signing it into law. Members of the audience included health care advocates, members of Congress, medical professionals, family members of Senator Ted Kennedy, and Americans who had written to the president about their challenges with health insurance. The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) report on the House Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act was the dominant topic at the daily White House briefing. Sean Spicer criticized the report, stressing that the CBO had been wrong before and cited their numbers related to the bill as an example. Mr. Spicer also took questions on immigration, the debt ceiling, and the president’s meeting with the deputy crown prince of Saudi Arabia. The January 17th Soho Forum, a monthly debate series held in New York City, focused on the Obama presidency. New York Magazine columnist Jonathan Chait, whose new book on Obama’s legacy came out the day of the debate, argued in favor of the former president. Taking the opposing view on President Obama’s accomplishments was Matt Welch, editor-at-large of Reason Magazine. The event began with Soho Forum director Gene Epstein introducing standup comedian Dave Smith. David Friedman testified at a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on his nomination to be U.S. ambassador to Israel. Mr. Friedman, a bankruptcy attorney, advised President Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign and with past bankruptcy proceedings. He told committee members he regrets the “inflammatory rhetoric” used during the campaign and promised to be “respectful and measured” if confirmed. Democratic members voiced their concerns throughout the hearing about Mr. Friedman’s critical language about President Obama, Senate Democrats, State Department diplomats, and J Street, a liberal Jewish advocacy group. In addition, he addressed the Middle East peace process, saying he supports a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and would not campaign for Israel’s annexation of the West Bank. Witnesses that included representatives from the Coast Guard and the Homeland Security and State Departments testified at a hearing the threats posed to the U.S. by drug cartel operations, and the current state of border security. Topics included the tactics being used along the southern border to thwart security barriers, and the response by law enforcement agencies. Tom Wildsmith talked about Republican proposals to allow health insurance sales across state lines. Minority Leader Charles Schumer (D-NY) and Senate Democratic leaders spoke to reporters following their weekly party lunch meeting. They addressed the Congressional Budget Office projections on the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. In addition. Senator Schumer urged Republicans not to repeal the Affordable Care Act but instead work on improving the law.  Senate Majority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and other Republican leaders spoke to reporters following their weekly party lunch meeting. Leader McConnell responded to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) report on the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act, saying the projection of fewer people purchasing health care is the inevitable result of the government not making people purchase health care. In addition, he said the Republican replacement would be open for amendment in the Senate. He also addressed the debt ceiling, defense appropriations, and the wiretapping investigation. Rod Rosenstein and Rachel Brand testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on their nominations to be deputy attorney general and associate attorney general. Mr. Rosenstein, said he could not answer yes or no on whether he would appoint a special counsel or prosecutor to investigate Russia and the 2016 elections because he did not have all the information necessary to make such a legal decision. The Senate approved H.J.Res. 42, a disapproval resolution that would repeal an Obama administration Labor Department rule limiting drug testing of unemployment insurance applicants. President Trump posed for a photo with Saudi Defense Minister and Deputy Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud. At a White House meeting with individuals from around the country affected by the Affordable Care Act, President Trump criticized the press for providing positive coverage of the health care law, saying it is disastrous and imploding. In addition, he claimed insurance rates would decrease and the number of plans increase if Congress passed the Republican replacement for the ACA. Health and Human Services Services Secretary Tom Price and Vice President Mike Pence also made brief remarks. Andy Slavitt talked about congressional Republicans' effort to replace the Affordable Care Act, as well as proposed changes to Medicare and Medicaid. Michael Powell talked about internet and television industry issues, including internet regulation, net neutrality and privacy rules, and broadband deployment. Joe Williams previewed congressional work on the Affordable Care Act replacement bill in the upcoming week. Rebecca Hunt talked about early health care and hospitals in Colorado. She was interviewed at the American Historical Association’s annual meeting in Denver, Colorado. David McIntosh talked abut his Club for Grownth organization’s opposition to the House Republican health care bill, as well as to aspects of the Trump administration’s agenda. Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump presidential campaign manager, talked about the first days of the Trump administration. He also shared stories from the 2016 presidential campaign. A panel of foreign affairs and trade experts discussed the future of North American trade. Topics included the Trump administration’s trade policy, the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), and that week’s diplomatic trip to Mexico by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly. In addition, former Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez delivered opening remarks during which he said the U.S.-Mexico relationship was at risk. He stressed the importance of NAFTA and the need to strengthen the agreement. Tribal leaders, indigenous rights advocates, and members of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe held a rally to oppose the Trump administration’s approval of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines and to support Native American tribal land rights. Musical performers included the Akwesasne Mohawk Women Singers, Prolific the Rapper, and Taboo from the Black Eyed Peas. Greg Myre talked about the Trump administration’s approach to combatting ISIS* as well as overall counterterrorism efforts. Emily Tamkin previewed Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s trip to South Korea, China, and Japan, including possible discussions about North Korea’s recent missile tests. Stephen Lovegrove, the U.K. permanent secretary of the Ministry of Defense, spoke about his country’s defense strategy, and relations with NATO and the European Union. He also talked about the importance of maintaining a strong alliance with the U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and White House Budget Director Mike Mulvaney reacted to the Congressional Budget Office’s (CBO) estimate on the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. Secretary Price said the White House “strenuously disagrees” with the report that said the Republican plan would leave 14 million more uninsured in 2018. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) reacted to the Congressional Budget Office cost estimate on the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. The CBO estimated $337 billion in federal budget savings and would raise the number of people without health insurance by 24 million within a decade. Speakers that included transportation and public policy experts talked about transportation infrastructure priorities and funding challenges.. They focused on President Trump’s $1 trillion proposal to improve public infrastructure. Topics included air traffic control modernization efforts, Marine Corps Deputy Commandant Lieutenant General Gary Thomas testified at a hearing on the state of the Corps' readiness to respond to overseas conflicts and its modernization efforts. He spoke about the effects of decreased budgets due to sequestration and the challenges associated with the aircraft readiness, emerging threats from drones, and the aging fleet of amphibious vehicles. Senator Ron Wyden (D-OR), the top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, spoke on the floor about the Congressional Budget Office report showing 24 million people would lose insurance coverage by 2026 under the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act.He also spoke about “TrumpCare” in the context of the nomination of Seema Verma to be Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) administrator, saying she would be responsible for millions of uninsured Americans as CMS administrator. At his daily White House briefing Sean Spicer spoke about President Trump’s use of the term “wiretapping” in a recent tweet in which he accused former President Obama of surveilling his residence at Trump Tower in New York City shortly before the 2016 election. Mr. Spicer said the president used the term in quotes to mean broader surveillance and other activities during the 2016 campaign. Other topics included the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act.  Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin and Senate Armed Services Committee Chair John McCain (R-AZ) were among the witnesses at a House hearing on the VA’s efforts to extend private health care provider options for veterans who have had trouble accessing VA services. Secretary Shulkin’s announced the VA would begin offering mental health care services for all veterans regardless of their discharge status. Secretary Shulkin also answered dozens of questions on the VA’s implementation of the Veterans Choice program, and how legislators could improve it in the future. Panelists talked about the beneficial value of government collected data. Rebecca Blank, former Acting Commerce Secretary in the Obama dministration and Martin Feldstein, former chair of the White House Council of Economic Advisers in the Reagan dministration, were among the panelists. Sandra Navidi talked about her book, SuperHubs: How the Financial Elite and Their Networks Rule Our World. She spoke about the people who have major influence in the global economic system and gatherings such as the World Economic Forum, held annually in Davos, Switzerland, that they attend. House Financial Services Committee Ranking Member Maxine Waters (D-CA) talked about President Trump’s agenda on banking and financial issues, including Republican plans to roll back the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial regulations law. She also talked about communication between Trump campaign staff and Russia. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) spoke at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast about a variety of topics, including Wikileaks' release of classified information about U.S. hacking practices, Affordable Care Act replacement legislation, and Russia’s 2016 U.S. presidential election interference. Among her comments she said that had former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton won the presidency she would have retired. Ambassadors from Ukraine, Poland, Georgia, Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia testified at a hearing on Russia’s policies toward their nations, as well as calls to cut the State Department’s fiscal year 2018 budget. Ukraine’s foreign minister talked about the Russia-Ukraine conflict and his recent meeting with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who he said pledged U.S. support for his country. Some of the other ambassadors discussed Russia’s “hybrid warfare” of cyber attacks, along with propaganda in its campaign of misinformation. Justice Department and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives officials testified at a hearing on Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agent Jaime Zapata’s murder by members of a drug cartel.  British Prime Minister Theresa May answered questions from parliamentary colleagues on a range of issues. Topics included budget priorities, patient care in the U.K.'s National Health Service, and recognition for a new memorial honoring those who served in Afghanistan and Iraq. Senator Tom Carper (D-DE), the ranking member of the Environment and Public Works Committee, and Representative Bill Shuster (R-PA), chair of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, both delivered remarks on U.S. infrastructure and its funding challenges to members of the Association of American Highway and Transportation Officials. Both leaders stressed the importance of pressing House and Senate members to pursue a multimodal infrastructure bill as soon as possible, and discussed potential ways to pay for projects. Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC) held a town hall meeting at Clemson University. He responded to several questions from constituents on a broad range of topics including the Republican Party’s efforts to replace the Affordable Care Act, the state of public education, environmental protection and regulations, and Russia and the 2016 elections. The audience questioned the senator repeatedly on the health care law and Betsy DeVos' qualifications to be the Education secretary.   During a trip to meet with small business owners about economic issues, Vice President Pence addressed employees of an energy services company. He told them the Affordable Care Act had failed the people of Kentucky as well as the nation. He also outlined other Trump administration agenda issues including border security, rebuilding the military, and cutting taxes. The vice president was introduced by Governor Matt Bevin (R-KY). Jamie McIntyre talked about U.S. missile defense, especially the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system, which was sent to South Korea following recent North Korean missile tests.  Seema Verma testified at a hearing on her nomination to be administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services in the Trump administration.. She told committee members she believes all options should be considered to improve quality and financial sustainability of Medicare and Medicaid. During testimony she also talked about innovation, prescription drug prices, health care accessibility, and combating Medicare and Medicaid fraud. Panelists talked about epidemics. Panelists included Donald McNeil, author of Zika: The Emerging Epidemic, and Joel Shurkin, author of True Genius: The Life and Work of Richard Garwin, the Most Influential Scientist You’ve Never Heard Of. Dr. Vivian Pinn shared stories about her family and the impact it had on her decision to become a doctor. She also talked about her experience as the only African American and only woman in her class at the University of Virginia Medical School in the 1960s. Dr. Pinn served as Director of the Office of Research on Women’s Health at the National Institutes of Health from 1991 to 2011. This interview is from the “Explorations in Black Leadership” project, co-directed by University of Virginia professors Phyllis Leffler and Julian Bond. Panelists talked about freedom of the press. Panelists included author and New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd, author and National Memo editor-in-chief Joe Conason, and author and journalist Evan Thomas. Historians talked about the Reagan administration’s Cold War relationships with the Soviet Union, Poland, and other European countries. This program was part of a three-day conference titled “Ronald Reagan and the Transformation of Global Politics in the 1980's.” Panelists talked about civil rights and the Supreme Court. Panelists included Adam Cohen, author of Imbeciles: The Supreme Court, American Eugenics, and the Sterilization of Carrie Buck, and Jim Obergefell, co-author of Love Wins: The Lovers and Lawyers Who Fought the Landmark Case for Marriage Equality. John Nichols talked about his book, People Get Ready: The Fight Against a Jobless Economy and a Citizenless Democracy. He also responded to viewer comments and questions on politics and the economy. U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley was joined by her Japanese and South Korean counterparts in talking about the U.N. Security Council’s closed-door meeting on North Korea and its recent missile test and the subsequent U.S. and South Korean military exercises around the Korean peninsula. Ambassador Haley said the U.S. was “reevaluating” its approach to North Korea’s military action, and was in the midst of deploying a mobile missile defense system to the Korean peninsula. The three ambassadors were preceded in speaking by Matthew John Rycroft, the British Ambassador to the U.N. and president of its Security Council.   Panelists talked about politics. Panelists included author and biographer David Maraniss and John Nichols, author of People Get Ready: The Fight Against a Jobless Economy and a Citizenless Democracy. Marine Corp University professor Nathan Packard talked about the relationship between the U.S. Marine Corps and Congress. This interview was recorded at American Historical Association’s annual meeting in Denver, Colorado. Professors spoke about the history and effectiveness of executive orders. They discussed the major orders presidents have created in the last 80 years and explained how presidential directives and other actions also guide the executive branch’s policies, especially with regard to civil rights and national security. The panelists also discussed President Obama and President Trump’s executive orders. FBI Director James Comey spoke at a cybersecurity conference at Boston College. He talked about privacy concerns and public-private security partnerships. He also said he intends to serve out the remaining six-and-a-half years of his term. Former Vice President Dick Cheney, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) and several other Republican and Democratic leaders celebrated the life and service of the late Representative Bob Michel (R-IL), the longest serving minority leader in U.S. history. Mr. Michel died February 17, 2017, at the age of 93. A decorated war hero who served in World War II, Mr. Michel was a Congressman from 1957-1995, served as Minority Whip from 1975-1981 and then later as House Minority Leader from 1981-1995. James Person talked about North Korea’s previous-week launch of four ballistic missiles. The House Energy and Commerce Committee met to mark up a Republican plan to replace portions of the Affordable Care Act.Former Vice President Dick Cheney, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) and several other Republican and Democratic leaders celebrated the life and service of the late Representative Bob Michel (R-IL), the longest serving minority leader in U.S. history. Mr. Michel died February 17, 2017, at the age of 93. A decorated war hero who served in World War II, Mr. Michel was a Congressman from 1957-1995, served as Minority Whip from 1975-1981 and then later as House Minority Leader from 1981-1995. Walter Podrazik, television curator at the Museum of Broadcast Communications, talked about his book, Watching TV: Eight Decades of American Television, about the history and influence of television and the future of the medium. Donald McNeil talked about his book, Zika: The Emerging Epidemic. He also responded to viewer comments and questions on epidemics and disease. He spoke at the ninth annual Tucson Festival of Books. Representative Al Lawson (D-FL) spoke with C-SPAN for a House freshman profile interview. He is serving his first term in the 115th Congress, representing the 5th Congressional District of Florida. The former basketball player and Florida state senator talked about his first job at the age of eight, making one dollar a day. He also talked about why one piece of cardboard that’s framed and hung on the wall in his office is so important to him and his work as a congressman. Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi held a press conference at the Chinese Annual Legislative Conference in Beijing. During this segment of the news conference, Minister Wang answered questions on U.S.-China relations under the Trump administration, North Korea, and China’s role on the U.N. Security Council. This portion includes consecutive translation (Mandarin, followed by the English translation). House Intelligence Committee Ranking Member Representative Adam Schiff (D-CA) briefed reporters on the panel’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. Carrie Levine, politics reporter with the Center for Public Integrity, talked about her analysis of the nonprofit formed to handle President Trump’s transition and its fundraising methods. Representative Cheri Bustos (D-IL) gave the weekly Democratic Party address. She talked about the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. Historians talked about about Jesse Owens and his legendary performance in the 1936 Berlin Olympics and how black athletes confronted Nazi white supremacy propaganda during the games. Former Representative Peter Hoekstra (R-MI), who chaired the Intelligence Committee during his tenure in Congress, talked about WikiLeaks' recent release of CIA hacking documents. The House approved H.R. 720, a bill to require courts to sanction attorneys who file frivolous federal lawsuits, followed by general speeches. Mary Agnes Carey spoke by phone about the Republican’s plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Telephone lines were open for viewer comments on House Speaker Paul Ryan’s (R-WI) statement that the “time is now” to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. Representative Henry Cuellar (D-TX) talked about border security, immigration, and trade issues. His 28th Congressional District is on the U.S.-Mexico border. The House resumed work on legislation dealing with class action lawsuits and fraud within the bankruptcy system. Katie Cannon talked about the female beauty standards of the late 18th and early 19th centuries. She explores many of the ingredients women used to make their own cosmetics, such as flowers, tree bark, chalk, and ashes. She also described many of the harmful ingredients included in the cosmetics of the time, including lead, mercury, acids, and arsenic and the side effects women experienced from using these products. The House Energy and Commerce Committee met to consider the legislative recommendations relating to replacing of the Affordable Care Act. The legislation, part of House Republicans' American Health Care Act, creates a fund to help low-income Americans afford health care and repair state insurance markets. Sophia Nelson talked about her book E Pluribus ONE: Reclaiming Our Founders' Vision for a United America, in which she provides steps that she argues will move the country towards the united vision the founders intended for the country. She was interviewed by Michael Steele. At his weekly briefing, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) gave a presentation on the Republicans' plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. He touted what he views as the many benefits of the bill, called the American Health Care Act, and said it increases patients' choices and brings “consumer pressure to bear in health care.” In his comments, he also stated, “The whole idea of Obamacare is....the people who are healthy pay for the people who are sick.” Professor Charles Dusch talked about the political and military situation in both the North and the South during the fall of 1864. He described how the presidential election, military engagements in Atlanta, and the Emancipation Proclamation all contributed to contemporary opinions about whether the Civil War should continue. House Intelligence Committee Chair Representative Devin Nunes (R-CA) told reporters that the first public hearing on the Russia probe would take place March 20, 2017, and that FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Michael Rogers would testify. Historians talked about the Civil War’s Chattanooga Campaign, which took place in the fall of 1863 and resulted in Union forces under General Ulysses S. Grant breaking through a Confederate siege. The panelists spoke how General Grant and his top lieutenants outmaneuvered the Confederate leadership to rout the southern troops and force them into northern Georgia. The Union victory opened the door for General William Tecumseh Sherman’s Atlanta Campaign the following year. Richard Carwardine talked about his book Lincoln’s Sense of Humor, in which he examines Abraham Lincoln’s sense of humor and his ability to invoke it throughout his life and presidential tenure. Paul Kengor, political science professor at Grove City College, contends that numerous progressives have assisted America’s adversaries. The author examines connections to the Communist Party and profiles high-ranking government officials that he argues were “duped” by foreign governments, including Franklin Roosevelt, Jimmy Carter, and Ted Kennedy. Paul Kengor presented his book at the Heritage Foundation in Washington, D.C. Joe Conason talked about his book Man of the World: The Future Endeavors of Bill Clinton. He also responded to viewer comments and questions on Bill Clinton and his post-presidency. Panelists talked about philanthropy. Panelists included Joe Conason, author of Man of the World: The Future Endeavors of Bill Clinton, Lisa Napoli, author of Ray and Joan: The Man Who Made the McDonald’s Fortune and the Woman Who Gave It All Away; and Sam Polk, author of For the Love of Money: A Memoir. Panelists talked about philanthropy. Panelists included Joe Conason, author of Man of the World: The Future Endeavors of Bill Clinton, Lisa Napoli, author of Ray and Joan: The Man Who Made the McDonald’s Fortune and the Woman Who Gave It All Away; and Sam Polk, author of For the Love of Money: A Memoir. Historians who work within the federal government talked about how their institutions document and influence policy making, while striving to remain objective in a political environment. They spoke about their research projects, preservation initiatives, and how they help other historians access classified documents. Nathalia Holt talked about her book, Rise of the Rocket Girls: The Women Who Propelled Us, from Missiles to the Moon to Mars. She also responded to viewer comments and questions on the history of women in the sciences. Nathalia Holt talked about her book, Rise of the Rocket Girls: The Women Who Propelled Us, from Missiles to the Moon to Mars. She also responded to viewer comments and questions on the history of women in the sciences. This 1967 U.S. Navy film is narrated by actor Jack Webb. The film argues that anti-war protesters don’t understand what’s happening in Southeast Asia and sets out to promote the accomplishments, and document the difficulties, facing the Marines and Navy in a single day. Panelists talked about the history of women in the sciences. Panelists included Nathalia Holt, author of Rise of the Rocket Girls: The Women Who Propelled Us, from Missiles to the Moon to Mars, and Dava Sobel, author of The Glass Universe: How the Ladies of the Harvard Observatory Took the Measure of the Stars. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) briefed reporters and responded to questions on her party’s legislative agenda. She talked about the Republicans' proposal to replace the Affordable Care Act, and said they should focus more on improving the existing law rather than replacing it. Bill Keene talked about Montgomery Meigs' life as a civil engineer in Washington, D.C., as well as his role as Union Quartermaster General during and after the Civil War. Using photographs and blueprints, Mr. Keene talked about Meigs' architectural planning contributions to sites such as the House and Senate wings and dome of the U.S. Capitol building, Arlington Cemetery, and the Pension Building, now the National Building Museum. The presentation also explored the evolution of Union supply lines during the Civil War. Panelists talked about slavery in America. Panelists included Ibram Kendi, author of Stamped from the Beginning: The Definitive History of Racist Ideas in America; Andres Resendez, author of The Other Slavery: The Uncovered Story of Indian Enslavement in America; and Jonathan Bryant, author of Dark Places of the Earth: The Voyage of the Slave Ship Antelope. Lillian Faderman talked about her book, The Gay Revolution: The Story of the Struggle. She also responded to viewer comments and questions on LGBTQ history. Ben Stein, a former speechwriter for Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford, spoke about President Nixon’s time in the White House. He talked about the 37th president’s energy policies as well as his initiatives in Israel and Southeast Asia. He also speculated on what President Nixon might think of the current political landscape.  Richard Reeves talked about his book, Infamy: The Shocking Story of Japanese American Internment in World War II. He also responded to viewer comments and questions on Japanese American internment during World War II. Vice President Pence made brief remarks to reporters and photographers before a meeting with business owners and political leaders at an energy services company in Louisville, Kentucky, to talk with them about jobs and economic issues, and also the Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Governor Matt Bevin (R-KY) also took part in the meeting. Panelists talked about Japanese American internment during World War II. Panelists included Pamela Rotner Sakamoto, author of Midnight in Broad Daylight: A Japanese American Family Caught Between Two Worlds; Richard Reeves, author of Infamy: The Shocking Story of the Japanese American Internment in World War II; and Richard Cahan, co-author of Un-American: The Incarceration of Japanese Americans During World War II.
Randall Fuller talked about his book The Book That Changed America: How Darwin’s Theory of Evolution Ignited a Nation, in which he examines the impact of the 1860 publication of Charles Darwin’s On the Origin of Species on America’s religious and intellectual communities. Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) and Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-MD) spoke on the House floor about the upcoming week’s agenda in the House as well as the Affordable Care Act replacement bill. Our guest this week is former ABC News White House Correspondent and co-host of “This Week,” Sam Donaldson. He gave us his assessment of how this White House press corps is covering President Trump and the job of Press Secretary Sean Spicer. Mary Aiken talked about her book The Cyber Effect: A Pioneering Cyberpsychologist Explains How Human Behavior Changes Online, in which she examines how the prevalence of internet usage impacts human behavior. Historians Ashley Bowen-Murphy and Sarah Handley-Cousins talked about the evolution of Civil War medicine and the treatment of the disabled veterans of the war. This interview took place at the American Historical Association’s annual meeting in Denver, Colorado. David Shulkin testified before the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee on his nomination to be Veterans Affairs secretary in the Trump administration. He was introduced by Senator Pat Toomey (R-PA). Dr. Shulkin was serving as the VA’s undersecretary for health, and was asked many questions from senators about his observations on how the organization had improved since 2014 when several examples of mismanagement and poor care were widely reported across the system. He said that if confirmed, he would remain committed to making continued improvements in VA reforms, accountability, access, and responsiveness, and said he would work to provide the highest level of care and assistance for veterans. President Lyndon Johnson talked about appointments, the economy, foreign policy, and leaks to the press in calls with Vice President Hubert Humphrey, Senate Republican Leader Everett Dirksen and other members of Congress. He also has discussions with Peace Corps Director Jack Vaughn and AFL-CIO President George Meany. Harold Holzer talked about the creation of and meaning behind the many paintings, sculptures, and photographs of President Lincoln now on public display in the U.S. Capitol building. In this illustrated talk, Mr. Holzer featured the story of a large painting depicting Lincoln and his cabinet in 1862 reading the preliminary Emancipation Proclamation. Conservative legal scholars talked about the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. They examined some of his rulings in the areas of religious liberty, free speech, and giving deference to administrative agencies.  Nancy Sheppard talked about the crash of the airship Roma in 1922. It was the deadliest disaster of U.S. hydrogen airship in American history. She introduced the ill-fated crew of the airship and explained the technological innovations of the Italian built craft. Sheppard also spoke about the Roma’s legacy and how the disaster resulted in higher safety standards for lighter-than-air ships. Howard Blum talked about the life of Betty Pack, a Washington, D.C., debutante who worked as a spy for both the British and Americans during World War II. Mr. Blum described her ability to seduce diplomats and government officials in order to learn secrets and provide information to her handlers. This talk was part of the Espionage Symposium held at the National World War II Museum in New Orleans in conjunction with the 2016 International Conference on World War II, titled “1946: Year Zero-Triumph and Tragedy.”  Jim Lighthizer and Garry Adelman gave a tour of Confederate General Robert E. Lee’s Gettysburg headquarters and talked about the property’s history and restoration. The Civil War Trust, a non-profit organization, purchased the house and surrounding land in 2015.  The House Ways and Means Committee met to mark up the budget reconciliation recommendations to replace the Affordable Care Act. Democratic committee members introduced numerous amendments and called for a delay until the Congressional Budget Office released the cost and potential impact of the new health care plan. Upon the request of Representative Ben Lujan (D-NM), committee staff read the entire text of the legislation.  Michael Mishak talked about his article in The Nation, “Big Oil’s Grip on California,” on the relationship between the oil industry and state regulators. This program was part of a “Washington Journal” series highlighting recent magazine articles. Dave Barry talked about his life and career and responded to viewer comments and questions. Mr. Barry is a Pulitzer Prize-winning author and columnist, who wrote a nationally syndicated humor column for the Miami Herald from 1983 to 2005. Mr. Barry has written more than 30 books, including Dave Barry Slept Here and Best. State. Ever. Marine Corps Commandant General Robert Neller held a press briefing on the investigation into Marines using a secret group on social media site Facebook to disseminate nude photos of female colleagues. General Neller said such conduct was unbecoming of the Marine Corps and its alumni, and vowed that a thorough investigation would be conducted. General Neller also outlined some other steps his branch’s leadership would take to address the situation, including establishing a task force to look at ways to prevent future such harassment within the corps. Sean Spicer briefed reporters and responded to questions on a variety of topics including General Mike Flynn’s failure to disclose foreign work ties, health care, border security, and the budget, scheduled to be released March 18, 2017. Representative Scott Taylor (R-VA) talked about President Trump’s revised executive order barring travel from six Muslim-majority nations, as well as the administration’s other homeland security initiatives. House Energy and Commerce Committee Chair Greg Walden (R-OR) spoke to reporters following his committee’s markup of the Republican plan to replace the federal health care law. After more than 27 hours of debate, the committee voted 31-23 to approve their markup and send the measure to the House Budget Committee. Chairman Walden was joined by House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA) and House Republican Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R-WA).  Vice President Pence and Human Services Secretary Tom Price took part in a listening session on the Republican replacement bill for the Affordable Care Act with conservative groups and organizations. The vice president said he, the president and Secretary Price want to hear from as many people and as groups on the bill as possible. Representative Val Demings (D-FL), who served as Orlando police chief from 2007 to 2011, talked about the Trump administration’s “law and order” agenda and efforts to employ local law enforcement in its crackdown on undocumented immigrants. House Committee Chairs Greg Walden (R-OR), Kevin Brady (R-TX), Virginia Foxx (R-NC) and Diane Black (R-TN) spoke to reporters outside the White House after their meeting with President Trump about their efforts to shepherd and gain their colleagues' support for the American Health Care Act, the Republican bill aimed at repealing and replacing the federal health care law. Officials from the Veterans Affairs Department and the Mayo Clinic were among the witnesses at a hearing on efforts to curb opioid abuse by patients of Veterans Affairs health care facilities, and to stop the theft and sale of drugs by VA employees. They discussed the breadth of the problem within the VA, what steps have been taken to stop drug diversion, and the resources needed to continue tackling the problem. Panelists talked about the current status and future of the Iran nuclear agreement. They were critical of the agreement’s current standing and efficacy and offered their recommendations for what the Trump administration should do to encourage its enforcement and ensure its intended purpose, preventing Iran from developing and obtaining nuclear weapons. Panelists that included two former diplomats from the Reagan and Obama administrations talked about the future of the Iran nuclear agreement. They discussed ways the President Trump was likely to approach the administration of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action with Iran, and the ways the president’s approach might differ from his campaign rhetoric. The event also includes questions from audience members.  Two former Obama administration Defense Department officials were among the three panelists a discussion on possible defense policies and strategies under President Trump. Topics included spending priorities, military readiness, and the defense of allies. Michael O’Hanlon moderated. The forum also included questions from audience members. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA), Energy and Commerce Chair Greg Walden (R-OR), Ways and Means Chair Kevin Brady (R-TX), and Budget Committee Chair Diane Black (R-TN) talked about the next steps for the health care bill to replace the Affordable Care Act, including tackling costs. Representative McCarthy reinforced the party’s goals with its American Health Care Act. He also said they were working closely with the president as the bill moved through the House. Douglas Holtz-Eakin spoke about some of the proposals to change corporate tax policy, including the House Republican approach for a consumption-based tax system. His remarks were part of an Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center event. Sights and sounds were shown of participants gathering prior to a rally held by Tribal leaders, indigenous rights advocates, and members of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe to oppose the Trump administration’s approval of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipeline. Tax policy analysts talked about the viability of the destination-based cash flow tax proposal, and other alternative corporate tax plans. Speakers included economists and professors from Georgetown University Law Center, Rutgers University, the American Enterprise Institute, and the accounting firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers. The discussion was moderated by Howard Gleckman. Alan Auerbach talked aboout a destination-based consumption tax being proposed by House Republicans, which proposes that goods are taxed on where they are consumed rather than where they are produced. Mr. Auerbach heads the Center for Tax Policy and Public Finance at the University of California at Berkeley.  Sights and sounds were shown of participants gathering prior to a rally held by Tribal leaders, indigenous rights advocates, and members of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe to oppose the Trump administration’s approval of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipeline.  Governor Scott Walker was one of four speakers who delivered short speeches exploring various aspects of conservative leadership at the 2017 Conservative Political Action Conference,. The speakers talked about how their conservative values shaped their approaches to leadership and governance. Dan Schneider of the American Conservative Union also spoke out against the “alt-right” movement, saying it poisons the message conservatives want to embrace. The speakers were introduced by Deneen Borelli of the Conservative Review. Military and policy experts talked about the new report on how the U.S. should modidy its strategy in Afghanistan from the Center for a New American Security (CNAS), Focused Engagement: A New Way Forward in Afghanistan. They discussed the ongoing conflict between Afghan forces and the Taliban, and made recommendations for how the U.S. should politically and militarily engage in Afghanistan into the future. Sean Spicer briefed reporters and responded to questions on a range of issues. Topics included the Affordable Care Act replacement bill, which passed out of the House Ways and Means and House Energy and Commerce Committees, as well as CIA documents released by WikiLeaks. Representative Tom O’Halleran (D-AZ) spoke with C-SPAN for a House freshman profile interview. He is serving his first term in the 115th Congress and represents the first congressional district of Arizona. He talked about his prior career as a homicide detective in Chicago and how he got involved in politics. He also outlined his policy goals, including taking care of and honoring the nation’s military veterans. The Senate passed a resolution to overturn an Education Department rule from the Obama administration rule that implemented state school accountability plans. They also voted to advance the nomination of Seema Verma to be the administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer was joined by Democratic Senators Chris Van Hollen of Maryland and Debbie Stabenow of Michigan, Maine Independent Senator Angus King, and others for a news conference. They discussed the American Health Care Act, the Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Senator Stabenow also took questions from the press. Representative Steve Pearce (R-NM) talked about the Trump administration’s immigration policies, as well as efforts to track and stop the funding of terrorist organizations, including ISIS. Representative Henry Cuellar (D-TX) talked about border security, immigration, and trade issues. His 28th Congressional District is on the U.S.-Mexico border. The House Energy and Commerce Committee met to mark up a Republican plan to replace portions of the Affordable Care Act. President Trump spoke to reporters before meeting with small and community bankers at the White House. He read a brief statement about the role the bankers play in the economy. An oversight hearing to examine Indian affairs priorities for the Trump Administration. Mark Toner briefed reporters and responded to questions on a variety of international topics, including the conflict in Syria and North Korean ballistic missile launches. Julie Rovner talked about the Affordable Care Act replacement bill unveiled by House Republicans the previous day. Representative Pramila Jayapal (D-WA) talked about key Trump administration legislative priorities, including immigration policy and border security. Ellen Nakashima, Washington Post national security reporter, spoke by phone aboutreports that Wikileaks may have released information about the CIA’s hacking tools. Alicia Caldwell talked about the Trump administration’s newly revised executive order barring travel from six Muslim-majority nations. The House debated and passed several bills. One authorizes $19.5 billion for NASA programs and includes a human mission to Mars. William Galston talked about Donald Trump’s presidency so far and how his legislative agenda could fare in Congress. Sarah Chamberlain talked about the role moderate Republicans in the 115th Congress. The House met for Morning Hour, with members permitted to speak on any topic.President Trump greeted a tour group at the White House, the first such group of visitors since he took office. Jennifer Haberkorn, Politico health care reporter, spoke by phone about the Affordable Care Act replacement bill unveiled by House Republicans. Telephone lines were open for viewer comments on House Republicans' replacement bill for the Affordable Care Act. Jennifer Haberkorn, speaking by phone, talked about the bill. Representatives from the communications industry testified at a hearing on wireless technology and spectrum policy, including the Federal Communication Commission’s recent spectrum auctions. Issues addressed included the innovation, economic impact and future security of communications and wireless devices and applications, as well as the licensing and efficiency of spectrum usage by those continually evolving technologies. The Senate passed a measure repealing a rule requiring Defense Department, General Services Administration, and NASA contractors to self-certify federal and state labor law violations. Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin (D-IL) spoke out against President Trump’s most recent executive order on refugees and immigrants. Morgan Reed, executive director of the App Association, talked about issues the lobbying firm was concerned about, including immigration policy, privacy, and cybersecurity. Senator Rob Portman (R-OH) spoke about opioid abuse, especially in Ohio. He told several stories about people becoming addicted, some of which who died. Bloomberg White House reporter Toluse Olorunnipa, speaking by phone, previewed the Trump administration’s week ahead. Military and policy experts talked about the new report on how the U.S. should modidy its strategy in Afghanistan from the Center for a New American Security (CNAS), Focused Engagement: A New Way Forward in Afghanistan. They discussed the ongoing conflict between Afghan forces and the Taliban, and made recommendations for how the U.S. should politically and militarily engage in Afghanistan into the future.  Military and policy experts talked about the new report on how the U.S. should modidy its strategy in Afghanistan from the Center for a New American Security (CNAS), Focused Engagement: A New Way Forward in Afghanistan. They discussed the ongoing conflict between Afghan forces and the Taliban, and made recommendations for how the U.S. should politically and militarily engage in Afghanistan into the future.  Sean Spicer briefed reporters and responded to questions on a range of issues. Topics included the Affordable Care Act replacement bill, which passed out of the House Ways and Means and House Energy and Commerce Committees, as well as CIA documents released by WikiLeaks. Representative Tom O’Halleran (D-AZ) spoke with C-SPAN for a House freshman profile interview. He is serving his first term in the 115th Congress and represents the first congressional district of Arizona. He talked about his prior career as a homicide detective in Chicago and how he got involved in politics. He also outlined his policy goals, including taking care of and honoring the nation’s military veterans. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer was joined by Democratic Senators Chris Van Hollen of Maryland and Debbie Stabenow of Michigan, Maine Independent Senator Angus King, and others for a news conference. They discussed the American Health Care Act, the Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Senator Stabenow also took questions from the press.  Representative Steve Pearce (R-NM) talked about the Trump administration’s immigration policies, as well as efforts to track and stop the funding of terrorist organizations, including ISIS. The House debated the combined rule for debate on the combined rule providing for consideration of H.R. 720, the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act, and H.R. 985, the Fairness in Class Action Litigation Act. Business meeting to consider the nomination of David Friedman, of New York, to be Ambassador to Israel; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine resolving the conflict in Yemen, focusing on U.S. interests, risks, and policy. Business meeting to consider S.327, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund research reports, S.444, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the definition of an investment company, S.462, to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to refund or credit certain excess payments made to the Commission, S.484, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemption for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States, and S.488, to increase the threshold for disclosures required by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to compensatory benefit plans. The House Ways and Means Committee met to mark up legislation to replace the Affordable Care Act. This portion includes debate on amendments to the bill, most of them from Democratic members. Lawmakers also made statements for or against the new bill and told stories of their constituents' experiences under the Affordable Care Act.  The House Energy and Commerce Committee met to consider the legislative recommendations relating to replacing of the Affordable Care Act. The legislation, part of House Republicans' American Health Care Act, creates a fund to help low-income Americans afford health care and repair state insurance markets.  House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) held a news conference on House Republicans' proposal to replace the Affordable Care Act. She said committees should not move forward on Affordable Care Act replacement legislation until the Congressional Budget Office provides a cost estimate for the bill. Two committees held held markup hearings on the bill that day. Vice President Pence met with Senate Republicans at their weekly party lunch to rally support for the House GOP’s American Health Care Act. He spoke first at the stakeout and voiced the administration’s full support for the bill. Representative Mark Meadows (R-NC), Senator Rand Paul (R-KY), and members of the House Freedom Caucus spoke to reporters about their concerns with the newly-release House Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI), Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) , and Energy and Commerce Committee Chair Greg Walden (R-OR) speak to reporters about their legislation to replace the Affordable Care Act. Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) and other Democratic Senate members briefed reporters on and responded to questions on a range of issues, including Republicans' legislation to replace the Affordable Care Act. Representative Steve King (R-IA) talked about President Trump’s revised executive action banning travel from six majority-Muslim nations, as well as Republicans' Affordable Care Act replacement legislation. President Trump spoke to reporters before a meeting with House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA) and others on the Republican replacement bill for the Affordable Care Act. The president said he was proud to support the replacement plan and that he looks forward to working on a major tax cut plan. House Energy and Commerce Committee Chair Greg Walden (R-OR) and Ways and Means Committee Chair Kevin Brady (R-TX) spoke with reporters about their proposal to replace the Affordable Care Act. They said their bill, the American Health Care Act, is the repeal and replace legislation needed to “clean up the mess” of the current health care law, and that it shifts power back from the federal government to the American people.  Senator Christopher Murphy (D-CT) expressed his disapproval for the Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. He said it would cut Medicaid, increase health insurance costs for 60-year-olds, let insurance companies refuse coverage of more procedures, and cut taxes for the wealthy. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) expressed his support for an investigation into Russia’s involvement in the 2016 U.S. elections and later criticized the Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act.  Former U.S. ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul delivered a lecture on U.S.-Russia relations. He shared his observations and experiences from his years of work on the bilateral relationship, and offered his thoughts on current relations under the Trump administration. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly announced the president’s latest executive order on immigration and refugees. This order removes Iraq from the list of targeted countries. Iran, Libya, Somalia, Syria, Sudan and Yemen, six of the seven countries from the initial order, remain. Attorney General Sessions said this order, like the first one, one is lawful and within the president’s legal authority. Representatives from the communications industry testified at a hearing on wireless technology and spectrum policy, including the Federal Communication Commission’s recent spectrum auctions. Issues addressed included the innovation, economic impact and future security of communications and wireless devices and applications, as well as the licensing and efficiency of spectrum usage by those continually evolving technologies. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) called for a special prosecutor to investigate Russian involvement in the 2016 elections and criticized a new executive order banning travel from six Muslim-majority nations. He later talked about Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Senator Dan Coats (R-IN), President Trump’s nominee to be Director of National Intelligence, testified at his confirmation hearing. He vowed to investigate Russia’s hacking of the U.S. election and said that the hacking needed to be “investigated and addressed.”  Bill Kristol talked about the relationship between President Trump and Congress as political battles loom over health care, the budget, and investigations into Russia’s possible influence on the administration.  Representative Barry Loudermilk (R-GA) was among the panelists at a discussion on government operations. They talked about what they viewed as inefficiencies and “government waste,” and offered suggestions on improving the functions of government. Panelists talked about the rise in opioid abuse in the U.S. Speakers included Assistant U.S. Attorney Benjamin Barron, Larissa Mooney, director of UCLA’s Addiction Medicine Clinic, and Sam Quinones, author of Dreamland: The True Tale of America’s Opiate Epidemic. Representative Mark Walker (R-NC), chair of the Republican Study Committee, spoke at the 2017 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC). He urged activists to reach new communities to promote the conservative message. ikido Aeba, chair of the Japanese Conservative Union, talked about the impact of the 2016 presidential election in Japan and his organization’s plans to host the first “Japan CPAC” in the fall of 2017. Professor Timothy Snyder talked about lessons learned from the rise of tyrannical regimes in several countries in the 20th century, as well as how those lessons could be applicable in the present.  Nan Aron talked about Neil Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court, Democratic strategy for the Senate hearings during his confirmation hearings, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions' recusal from any Justice Department investigation of Trump campaign links with Russia. Ms. Aron’s organization, Alliance for Justice, opposed Judge Gorsuch’s nomination, calling him unqualified, and has also called for Attorney General Sessions to resign. The Senate Judiciary Committee’s hearings on Judge Gorsuch’s nomination were scheduled to begin March 20, 2017. The Supreme Court heard oral argument in Packingham v. North Carolina, a case questioning whether a North Carolina law banning registered sex offenders from using social media violates First Amendment free speech rights. In 2002 Lester Packingham pled guilty to taking indecent liberties with a minor when he was a 21-year-old college student. He received a suspended sentence, two years probation, and had to register as a sex offender. Packingham had a clean record until he was arrested in 2010 for celebrating the dismissal of a parking ticket by thanking God on his Facebook page. In North Carolina it is a felony for registered sex offenders to “access” any social networking website not restricted to adults, which includes Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn. Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT) gave the closing keynote address of the third day at J Street’s 2017 National Conference. a non-profit Jewish advocacy group. He said he condemns the recent anti-Semitism throughout the country including the desecration of Jewish cemeteries and bomb threats to Jewish organizations. He said the attacks must be condemned at the highest level of government and urged the Trump administration to denounce anti-Semitism and all forms of bigotry. In addition, Senator Sanders talked about the importance of having a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.  Panelists spoke at a national conference on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the Middle East peace process. This portion of the event included a panel discussion with leaders from Jewish advocacy groups including the National Council of Jewish Women, the Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism, the New Israel Fund, and the Combined Jewish Philanthropies of Greater Boston. Bill Worthington, a former IBM 1401 programmer and volunteer at the Computer History Museum, showed a fully functional 1401 system and explained its popularity. The IBM 1401 Data Processing System was a popular business computer in the 1960s. Telephone lines were open for viewer calls and social media comments on the question, What is your level of trust in political institutions?" Former Senator Carol Moseley Braun (D-IL) talked about her early political career before her 1992 election to the Senate. She was the first African American woman U.S. Senator. Ms. Braun also served as Ambassador to New Zealand and Samoa during the Clinton administration. This 2005 interview is from “Explorations in Black Leadership,” a project co-directed by University of Virginia professors Phyllis Leffler and Julian Bond. The interview was conducted by Julian Bond. Dag Spicer gave a tour of the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, California, and showed several items on display in its exhibit, “Revolution.” The Computer History Museum is home to the largest international collection of computing artifacts in the world.With GOP Plan Dead, Trump Eyes Other Ways to Reshape Health Care.
Republicans have ability to make changes to Affordable Care Act, but do so at their own risk.
In a blow to President Trump's young administration, House Republicans pulled their bill to replace Obamacare after failing to gain support within their own party. WSJ's Shelby Holliday explains how the American Health Care Act failed.Health Insurers Wrestle With Next Steps as GOP Bill Fails.
Future of key subsidies, administration’s enforcement of existing law among concerns facing health-care sector.
House Republicans’ failure to pass their bill overhauling the Affordable Care Act leaves health-care companies with continued challenges, most acutely for insurers facing decisions about whether to offer plans in the existing law’s marketplaces next year.Iowa Congressman Faces Pressure From Donors, Backlash From GOP for Not Backing Health Bill.
David Young will find out in next year’s midterm elections if not backing the repeal of the Affordable Care Act will cost him his House seat.
Uber Suspends Self-Driving Vehicle Program After Accident.
Police say another car failed to yield to the Uber; no one was seriously injured.
Uber Technologies Inc. said on Saturday it is suspending testing of its autonomous vehicles after one of the autos was involved in an accident in Tempe, Ariz., casting doubt on one of the most high-profile self-driving programs.U.S. Coalition Acknowledges It Carried Out Airstrike That Allegedly Killed Civilians.
Death toll may reach up to 200 people, according to local officials and residents.
The U.S.-led coalition in Iraq said Saturday it carried out airstrikes against Islamic State positions in western Mosul, where scores of civilians were allegedly killed, as it assists Iraqi troops engaged in fierce fighting to retake the entire city from the extremist group.
NATO Official Sounds Alarm on Russia Libya Role
Kremlin’s apparent support of Libyan general, a rival of the coalition government, causes concern.
Russia’s role in Libya is causing growing concern at the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, a senior official said Saturday, with the Kremlin appearing to throw its support behind Gen. Khalifa Haftar, a rival of the United Nations-backed coalition government in Tripoli. Ex-CIA Director: Mike Flynn and Turkish Officials Discussed Removal of Erdogan Foe From U.S.
The cleric has been accused by turkey of orchestrating last summer’s failed military coup.


Trump Meets Freedom Caucus and Result Is Legislative Disaster.
During one of his frequent visits to the White House in recent days, Representative Mark Meadows listened to Donald Trump talk about a tote-board he uses to track his presidential campaign promises.

It included the one Meadows was there to talk about, repealing Obamacare. Trump made clear to the head of the House Freedom Caucus that he’s been going down that board, checking off each promise on the list -- and that he wanted to cross this one off too, so he could move on to a tax overhaul and others.


Mark MeadowsPhotographer: Nicholas Kamm/AFP via Getty Images
Except it wasn’t that simple. House leaders abruptly scrapped a planned vote on repeal Friday because not enough support materialized, largely due to Meadows’s Freedom Caucus, made up of Congress’s most rebellious conservative members.

For Trump, it was a taste of the anti-establishment fury that propelled him to the White House, delivered by a band of Republican lawmakers who’d rather defy the president than compromise on their conservative ideals.

Put simply, Trump underestimated them, failing to appreciate their determination to block legislation they considered a politically dubious half-measure, even if doing so humiliated Trump, lawmakers and conservative activists said.

“Members of the Freedom Caucus are committed to their constituents and their conservative values. If President Trump was not aware of their resolve before, he is now,” said Alice Stewart, who was a strategist on Texas Republican Senator Ted Cruz’s presidential campaign.

Turning to Taxes

There’s no evidence the group is prepared to fall in line any more easily behind Trump’s next legislation target, the first comprehensive tax overhaul in 30 years. The group’s roughly 40 members are strong believers in low taxes and small government, and also want to rein in entitlements and slash the deficit, two things Trump has never made a priority.

"For the good of our country, I want to see President Trump and his agenda succeed," said Representative Dave Brat of Virginia, a leading group member who complained the leaders’ bill left too much of Obamacare in place. But in the same statement, Brat said, "My promise to my constituents remains the same: I will always follow my principles, work toward good policy, and listen to my constituents."


What’s surprising to some analysts is that anyone can still be surprised. Conservatives who were later to form into the Freedom Caucus pushed for the government shutdown in 2013 over the objections of House leaders. It’s the group that ran off former Speaker John Boehner after finding him too willing to compromise with Democrats. And now it’s the catalyst behind the deal of Trump’s hoped-for health overhaul.

“They’re friends of mine,” Trump said of the caucus on Friday, after House Speaker Paul Ryan had pulled the bill from the floor. “I’m disappointed because we could have had it. I’m a little surprised, to be honest with you.”

Trump displayed some frustration with the group Friday morning, before the bill collapsed, in a tweet from his personal account.

“The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!” he said. Now that frustration has bled over to some in the House Republican conference, who say the group abandoned Trump at a critical moment and is too lashed to its rigid ideology.

‘Freedom Caucus rate hike’

Representative Chris Collins of New York, a close Trump ally, has said the group should disband and fold itself back into a larger conservative caucus, the Republican Study Committee. Representative Austin Scott of Georgia suggested that if health insurance premiums rise as a result of the House bill’s failure, the Freedom Caucus would be to blame.

“Get ready for the Freedom Caucus rate hike,” he said.

Trump might be forgiven for thinking the group would be a surefire "yes." Nearly all came from congressional districts Trump carried overwhelmingly. Many backed his campaign.

Indeed, roughly half of the Freedom Caucus members were ready to sign on to the Obamacare repeal bill. The other half still thought it didn’t go nearly far enough. Meadows and other members picked up on Kentucky Republican Senator Rand Paul’s saddling of the bill with a label that probably helped doom it: "Obamacare Lite."

For the bill’s supporters, it was a promising enough start. Representative Dave Schweikert of Arizona said he was proud to have voted to advance the measure out of the Ways and Means Committee, and praised it as a move to dismantle Obamacare’s "damaging taxes and mandates" so states could deliver better, more affordable health options.

Schweikert’s Arizona colleague, Representative Trent Franks, also came to support the measure, although he wasn’t happy about the limitations placed on the bill to conform with Senate rules.

But Brat, who said the bill didn’t go far enough to undo Obamacare’s regulations on insurance companies, was among others who weren’t ready to support it. He said Saturday, "The initial construction of this bill kept the structure and architecture of Obamacare fully in place."

Freedom Caucus co-founder Jim Jordan of Ohio stuck to his insistence that Congress needed to first pass a complete, clean repeal of Obamacare, and then get to work on devising a replacement. After the bill was pulled, he said, "Now, House Republicans owe it to our constituents to immediately get back to the drawing board and bring forward a bolder effort to replace the failing Obamacare with a plan to reduce costs by increasing choice and competition."

White House Meetings

It wasn’t that Trump didn’t try to get support from the Freedom Caucus. He invited the group to the White House several times -- and more importantly, asked its members to offer suggestions to improve the bill. (Trump made the same offer to the moderate "Tuesday Group" of House Republicans, at a time when Ryan was trying to rally support behind the existing bill.)

The negotiating intensified between the White House and the group in the last week, and the Freedom Caucus members said the talks were productive, but complained about Ryan’s Thursday time line for a vote as arbitrary and rushed.

After Trump visited Capitol Hill Tuesday, he brought some members of the group to the White House Wednesday, prompting Meadows to return to the Capitol and tell reporters he was "cautiously optimistic."   Even as he went into a meeting with fellow caucus members to describe the developments, he says Trump personally called him on his cellphone to talk some more.

Meadows had won a big concession from the president -- the bill would be changed to strip out Obamacare’s requirements that health insurers provide a set of essential health benefits. But the last-minute change wasn’t quite enough for the Freedom Caucus holdouts, but went too far for some wavering moderates, who declared their opposition the next day.

Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics.
Get our newsletter daily.

Enter your email
 Sign Up
After another meeting Thursday with some members of the caucus and the president, there was still no deal, and Ryan’s plan to vote that day, on the seventh anniversary of Obamacare being signed into law, was put off. A last-ditch meeting Friday with Vice President Mike Pence, who served 12 years in the House, also failed to break the logjam. And the bill was pulled, 30 minutes before the scheduled vote.

Conservative groups place some of the blame on Ryan, who has generally had good relations with the group after working early on to give them more say in Republican matters than Boehner did and more freedom to bring bills to the floor.

But in this case, the Freedom Caucus was only looped in after the bill was introduced and an avalanche of criticism already had mounted on the right, making it more difficult for the group to get on board.

Wide Opposition

The bill achieved the rare feat of uniting Democrats and Republicans on both ideological ends of their party in opposition. Moderate Republicans worried that the legislation would leave too many Americans without coverage and drive up insurance premiums.

The Congressional Budget Office said that about 24 million Americans would lose or drop their insurance coverage over a decade, at a savings of about $150 billion to the federal government.

Miscalculating the depth of the Freedom Caucus’s opposition leaves Trump’s ambitious agenda in jeopardy. Congressional leaders had maintained that they must tackle the repeal and replacement of Obamacare, a long-promised goal of most Republicans, before turning to other key priorities such as an overhaul of the tax code or Trump’s infrastructure construction plan.

Trump and Ryan both said on Friday that they will next pursue a tax overhaul.
Caucus members insist they have not abandoned Trump. The group said on Twitter Friday that it “looks forward to working with him” on a future, “better’ health care bill.

“We will always be able to work with him,” Franks said Friday. “The president knows the Freedom Caucus are his strongest supporters.”
Saudi Embassy Confirms U.K. Attacker Had Been in Saudi Arabia.
The British man who killed four people during a London rampage had made three trips to Saudi Arabia: He taught English there twice on a work visa and returned on a visa usually granted to those going on a religious pilgrimage.

More details about attacker Khalid Masood's travels, confirmed by the Saudi Arabian embassy in Britain, emerged Saturday amid a massive British police effort to discover how a homegrown ex-con with a violent streak became radicalized and why he launched a deadly attack Wednesday on Westminster Bridge.

The embassy said he taught English in Saudi Arabia from November 2005 to November 2006 and again from April 2008 to April 2009, with legitimate work visas both times. He then returned to Saudi Arabia for six days in March 2015 on a trip booked through an approved travel agent and made on an "Umra" visa, usually granted to those on a religious pilgrimage to the country's Islamic holy sites.

The embassy said Saudi security services didn't track Masood and he didn't have a criminal record there.

Before taking the name Masood, he was called Adrian Elms. He was known for having a violent temper in England and had been convicted at least twice for violent crimes.

Masood drove his rented SUV across London's crowded Westminster Bridge on Wednesday, striking pedestrians. Then he jumped out and stabbed to death police officer Keith Palmer, who was guarding Parliament, before being shot dead by police.

In all, he killed four people and left more than two dozen hospitalized, including some with catastrophic injuries. The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, calling him a "solider" who responded to its demands that followers attack countries in the coalition fighting IS in Syria and Iraq.

British officials said security at Parliament will be reviewed after new footage emerged that showed the large gates to the complex were left open after Masood rushed onto the grounds. There are concerns that accomplices could have followed him in and killed even more people. The footage from that day shows pedestrians walking by the open gates and even a courier entering Parliament grounds.
Former Metropolitan Police commissioner Ian Blair told the BBC that changes to the "outer soft ring" of Parliament's security plan are likely in the aftermath of Masood's attack.

The new footage follows earlier video that showed slight delays and confusion during the evacuation of Prime Minister Theresa May from Parliament as the attack unfolded.

Masood, who at 52 is considerably older than most extremists who carry out bloodshed in the West, had an arrest record in Britain dating to 1983. In 2000, he slashed a man across the face in a pub parking lot in a racially charged argument after drinking, according to a newspaper account. Masood's last conviction, in 2003, also involved a knife attack.

One victim, Danny Smith, told The Sun newspaper that Masood had stabbed him in the face with a kitchen knife after an argument just three days after they met.

Hundreds of British police have been working to determine his motives and are scouring Masood's communications systems, including his possible use of the encrypted WhatsApp device, to help determine if he had any accomplices.

Still, police have released many of those they took in for questioning in the case.

One 58-year-old man remains in custody for questioning after being arrested Thursday in the central English city of Birmingham, where Masood was living. Authorities haven't charged or identified him.

A 32-year-old woman arrested in Manchester has been released on bail and faces further inquiries.

Police said Saturday that a 27-year-old man arrested Thursday in Birmingham has been released.

Eight others arrested in connection with the investigation had been set free earlier, including a 39-year-old woman who had initially been freed on bail but now faces no further police action, police said Saturday.

Details about how Masood became radicalized aren't clear, although he may have become exposed to radical views while an inmate in Britain or while working in conservative Saudi Arabia. It's also not clear when he took the name Masood, suggesting a conversion to Islam.
Barrick Gold Chairman's Total Compensation Boosted in 2016.
Thornton received a salary of $2.5 million, long-term incentives of $5.32 million, $307,198 in other compensation and a pension value of $375,000, the Toronto-based miner said Friday in a regulatory filing. “A significant majority” of the long-term compensation “must be used to purchase Barrick common shares, which must be held until the later of three years and the date he retires or leaves the company,” Barrick said in the filing.

Under Thornton, who is a former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. president, Barrick has emerged from a multiyear strategy to cut costs and sell assets to lower its debt. The miner’s shares more than doubled last year.

Thornton elected to forfeit $3.4 million of incentives for 2015, which means he received $3.1 million in total pay for the year. His total compensation in 2014 was $12.9 million, which included $9.5 million of incentive pay.

According to the filing, Barrick President Kelvin Dushnisky was awarded $5.21 million in compensation for 2016, including a salary of $905,760, share-based awards of $2.47 million and $1.41 million in incentive compensation. His total pay is up 20 percent from 2015.
Barrick Gold Corp. awarded Executive Chairman John Thornton $8.5 million in total compensation last year, more than double what he received in 2015 when he gave up his bonus in the wake of investor criticism of pay packages at the world’s largest gold producer.
Photographer: AFP/AFP/Getty Images
Uber to Suspend Autonomous Tests After Arizona Accident.
Uber Technologies Inc. is suspending its self-driving car program after one of its autonomous vehicles was involved in a high-impact crash in Tempe, Arizona, the latest incident for a company reeling from multiple crises.

In a photo posted on Twitter, one of Uber’s Volvo self-driving SUVs is pictured on its side next to another car with dents and smashed windows. An Uber spokeswoman confirmed the incident, and the veracity of the photo, and added that the ride-hailing company is suspending its autonomous tests in Arizona until it completes its investigation and pausing its Pittsburgh operations.
The Uber vehicle was not responsible for the incident and there were no injuries, Tempe police information officer Josie Montenegro told Bloomberg News. Another car failed to yield for the Uber car, causing the autonomous vehicle to flip on its side, according to the police report.

"There was a person behind the wheel," said Montenegro regarding the Uber vehicle. "It is uncertain at this time if they were controlling the vehicle at the time of the collision."

An Uber spokeswoman said "we are continuing to look into this incident and can confirm we had no backseat passengers in the vehicle."

Exclusive insights on technology around the world.
Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Enter your email
 Sign Up
Uber began testing self-driving cars in Pittsburgh last year and soon expanded to Arizona, after its self-driving cars were banned from San Francisco’s streets in December by the California Department of Motor Vehicles. The focus on self-driving cars was intended to demonstrate Uber’s progress with the nascent technology, and it began picking up customers in Tempe last month after Arizona Governor Doug Ducey, a proponent of self-driving cars, took the inaugural ride.

However, Uber’s self-driving car program has been mired in controversy. Waymo, Alphabet Inc.’s autonomous driving business that is also testing driverless vehicles in Arizona, sued an Uber unit called Otto earlier this year for allegedly stealing designs for an important component of driverless cars known as lidar. Uber called the suit "baseless."

The photo, showing the Uber SUV on its side, suggests a relatively high-impact crash. That would be a contrast to the incidents involving self-driving cars tested by Waymo. In more than 2 million miles of testing on public roads, Waymo’s vehicles were mostly minor incidents, often when other cars drove into the back of their vehicles in busy areas.

The incident also comes as Uber, and Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick, are currently under scrutiny because of a series of scandals. The ride-hailing company has been accused of operating a sexist workplace. This month, the New York Times reported that Uber used a tool called Greyball to help drivers evade government regulators and enforcement officials. Kalanick said he needed "leadership help" after Bloomberg published a video showing him arguing with an Uber driver.
As Uber Grew Hastily, Diversity Took a Backseat.
Under pressure from harassment and sexism allegations, the ride-hailing giant is rethinking its approach to hiring.
Efforts to hire more women and people of color at Uber Technologies Inc. have been long hindered by a peculiar constraint. Members of the recruiting team were denied access to information about the company’s diversity makeup, according to several people familiar with Uber’s hiring apparatus.

The recruiting arm assigns some members to focus on hiring diverse candidates, an initiative that has received enthusiastic endorsements from Uber Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick. But the team found it difficult to do its job without demographic data, which is a common way to identify a company’s weaknesses and set hiring targets, the people said. Like many of its Silicon Valley cohorts, Uber is an obsessively data-driven company, where recruiters log every interaction with candidates and scour their social media profiles. The diversity data limitation was especially vexing because other technology companies of its size release annual diversity reports to the public.

Uber’s demographic composition has been a topic of interest for people outside the recruiting department, too. Various female software engineers have requested such data for years and were told the human resources department didn’t track it. Some of them began calculating it on their own in an attempt to determine which managers seemed friendliest to women, said a former employee.

Beyond the lack of data, the company’s recruitment efforts struggled from a dearth of focus, funding and leadership. At least a half-dozen Uber recruiters involved in diversity initiatives have left in the past 18 months. Several of those people said diversity took a backseat to the company’s needs to hire quickly.

Liane Hornsey, Uber’s senior vice president of HR, said in a conference call with reporters on Tuesday that she’s working to clean up Uber’s cultural problems, including its approach to recruiting. Hornsey, who joined the company this year, said Uber revised 1,500 job descriptions to remove unconscious bias from the language, will hold job interview training for women in tech and is ensuring its panel of interviewers is diverse. Uber plans to release a diversity report for the first time next week. “We’re spending a good deal of time reflecting on what will lead to true diversity and inclusion,” Hornsey wrote in an email. “Clearly, this matters a lot to all of us and must underpin everything we do—it’s the foundation of positive cultural change.”

Bloomberg spoke with about a dozen current and former Uber staffers familiar with the company’s hiring process, including several members of the recruiting team. They asked not to be identified because many have employment contracts that bar them from criticizing the company. Their experiences illustrate how a startup defined on breaking rules and expanding at any cost can develop into a homogenous work environment, where discrimination goes unchecked. Uber, valued at $69 billion, has become the latest test case for Silicon Valley’s enduring inclusion issues.
Uber is under enormous scrutiny following recent accusations of a toxic and sexist workplace. Susan Fowler, a former software engineer at the company, wrote a blog post last month alleging that her boss at Uber propositioned her for sex and was protected by HR. She also said women were discriminated against throughout the technical group.

The ride-hailing giant is now trying to rehabilitate its image and ease employee unrest. It hired former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to investigate the sexual harassment claims and the company’s culture. The results of this probe are expected by the end of April and will be released to the public, according to Arianna Huffington, an Uber board member.

The company all-hands meeting each Tuesday has become a weekly airing of grievances, where Kalanick has offered several tearful apologies. The 40-year-old CEO delivered one such atonement publicly after Bloomberg published a video showing him arguing with an Uber driver. Kalanick said he needed “leadership help” and would hire an operating chief. Some insiders are pushing for a strong female leader to take the role.

As the company prepares a full diversity report, it has presented one stat: 15 percent of engineers, scientists and product managers are women. This is lower than other startups, and even its bigger and older tech peers, including Facebook Inc., which has struggled with its own diversity hiring initiatives. Airbnb Inc., which was founded around the same time as Uber, said 26 percent of technical employees are women. Lyft Inc., which is Uber’s main competitor in the U.S., said it plans to release its first diversity report in the coming weeks.
Companies that have successfully improved diversity numbers typically take a systematic approach to diversity hiring processes and goals, make their inclusion commitments clear and reach out to and recruit from diverse professional organizations, said Andrea Hoffman, founder of the diversity consulting firm Culture Shift Labs. Those initiatives must be driven by corporate chiefs, she said. “This is a multifaceted approach that starts at the top.”

In the occasional meeting between Kalanick and some members of Uber’s recruiting team, the CEO would strike an upbeat tone toward diversity. But when staff would propose investing more in that area, recruiters became frustrated after he repeatedly postponed decisions, said a person familiar with the gatherings. “Let’s keep jamming on this,” Kalanick would say, deploying a common Uber-ism.

Kalanick would also refer to the company’s 14 cultural values, which include “meritocracy and toe-stepping,” meaning good ideas are valued above all else. Employees were evaluated in performance reviews on how well they exhibited these values. None of the 14 values refer specifically to diversity or inclusion. Kalanick often said diversity comes in many different forms and resisted the idea of prioritizing race or gender, according to two people. He’s said Uber should look for the “best minds.”

“The culture that Uber’s wanted to build is not one that’s designed to be inclusive and equitable”


In 2015, as Uber was expanding worldwide and more than doubling headcount, it hired Damien Hooper-Campbell as global diversity and inclusion lead. Hooper-Campbell, who is black, has extensive experience in the area. He was an assistant director of minority initiatives at Harvard Business School, a Goldman Sachs Group Inc. vice president focused on inclusion efforts and a diversity strategist at Google. Renee Atwood, Uber’s former HR head, held his appointment up as proof that the company was working to create a more diverse culture in a 2015 Wired story.

Hooper-Campbell was initially tasked with planning diversity recruitment programs and outlining goals to make Uber more hospitable to minorities working there, said two former employees. The move was encouraging to his fellow recruiters, who were frustrated by a lack of leadership on diversity projects at the company’s San Francisco headquarters.

But Hooper-Campbell’s job soon changed. He was dispatched to Oakland to serve as a face of the company to local officials and help oversee logistics around the new office, the people said. “His role was in constant flux,” Sean Cervera, a former colleague on Uber’s recruiting team, recalled in a blog post this month. Within a year, Hooper-Campbell left to become chief diversity officer at EBay Inc. A spokeswoman for EBay declined to make him available for an interview.

Cervera wrote that he had been enlisted to help Uber find more diverse recruits in technical roles but was only allowed to spend 10 percent of his time on inclusion initiatives. Cervera, who now works on inclusion recruiting programs at Microsoft Corp.’s LinkedIn, declined to comment.

At times, Uber’s recruiting leadership seemed to be preoccupied with gimmicks. Last year, Jim Baaden, the global head of recruiting, hosted several events for job candidates in which attendees were asked to break into small groups and put on blindfolds, said five people familiar with the proceedings. Candidates were instructed to pluck sateen blindfolds from a cardboard box and silently arrange puzzle pieces into molded shapes. The Uber staff hosting the event set a timer to seven minutes, while they clapped vigorously and blasted pop music from a stereo. Afterward, an Uber recruiting coordinator explained that the purpose of the exercise was to see how applicants approach problems in a chaotic situation. The exercise, which is called Colourblind, is also used by other companies as a test of teamwork.

Uber missed an important opportunity last year by not placing a higher priority on diversity, said Joelle Emerson, who runs diversity consulting firm Paradigm. Uber’s staff more than doubled again in 2016, exceeding 12,000 employees today. “The culture that Uber’s wanted to build is not one that’s designed to be inclusive and equitable and set everyone up for success. And I think that is the underlying problem,” Emerson said. “Having a more diverse organization can help drive a more positive culture.”

After repeated vacillations by Kalanick, Uber eventually committed cash to diversity programs. In October, Baaden distributed $25,000 apiece to several identity-based employee resource groups at Uber, catering to LGBT, female engineers and others, a person familiar with the matter said. A few months later, the company hired Bernard Coleman, the former chief diversity officer for Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, as head of diversity and inclusion.

Baaden pointed to the addition of Coleman in a recent interview as evidence that the company cares about diversity. “You bring in someone like that, the expectation is that it continues to be an important consideration for us as we invest and think about programs and think about different ways to engage a diverse population of both employees and talent,” Baaden said.

But Mitch and Freada Kapor, a pair of early Uber investors, believe the company isn’t doing enough. Uber has had “countless opportunities to do the right thing,” they wrote in a blog post. “Uber’s outsize success in terms of growth of market share, revenues and valuation are impressive, but can never excuse a culture plagued by disrespect, exclusionary cliques, lack of diversity, and tolerance for bullying and harassment of every form.”

Exclusive insights on technology around the world.
Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Enter your email
 Sign Up
A week after their rebuke, Kalanick asked for the resignation of a newly appointed senior executive, who was investigated by his former employer over a sexual harassment claim. Uber recruiters weren’t aware of the issue before he was hired. The executive, Amit Singhal, denied the allegation. Hornsey, the new HR head, said on Tuesday that the company has been talking with the Kapors and will take their input into account. On Thursday, Kalanick met with the Rev. Jesse Jackson.

The scandals are beginning to take a toll on Uber’s ability to recruit talent. Cassie Vance, a brand strategy expert in San Francisco, said she was approached by the ride-hailing giant this month about a job opportunity. “Under normal circumstances, I’d love to have a conversation regarding a role like this, because it sounds right up my alley. But you and I both know these are not normal circumstances,” Vance wrote to the recruiter, according to a copy of the LinkedIn message seen by Bloomberg. “To say that I’d be embarrassed to have Uber on my résumé would be a gross understatement. I know I’m not the only person that feels this way, and if you ask me, there’s no marketing strategy that is going to get you guys out of the hole you’ve dug yourselves.”
Photographer: Ore Huiying/Bloomberg
Uber Rival Grab Raising $1.5 Billion in New Funding Round.
Grab, Uber Technologies Inc.’s largest rival in Southeast Asia, plans to raise more than $1.5 billion in a new funding round backed by SoftBank Group Corp., people familiar with the matter said.

SoftBank is pledging about $1 billion in the ride-sharing company backed by Tiger Global Management and GGV Capital, the people said, asking not to be named because the matter is private. It wasn’t clear if the money was coming from the Japanese company itself or its yet-to-close SoftBank Vision Fund. Grab’s financing could be a record for Southeast Asia, eclipsing the $750 million the company raised in September in a round said to give it a then valuation of more than $3 billion.

Grab, which this week announced plans to expand to its seventh country in the region, is racing against Uber and Go-Jek Indonesia PT to cast its net across more cities and drum up business for its nascent payments platform. The companies have been engaged in a cash-burning battle underpinned by their ability to raise funds and expand in one of the fastest growing markets globally.

Grab declined to comment. SoftBank wasn’t immediately able to comment.

SoftBank’s billionaire Chairman Masayoshi Son is trying to close his $100 billion Vision Fund, which is being backed by his own company, along with money from Saudi Arabia’s public investment fund and Abu Dhabi’s Mubadala Development Co. Apple Inc., Qualcomm Inc. and Oracle Corp. Chairman Larry Ellison may invest $1 billion each, people familiar with the matter have said.

As SoftBank closes in on the first round of the fund, it has cut investment deals, including for satellite startup OneWeb Ltd., that it said will likely be included in the fund.

Grab has pledged $700 million in investment in Indonesia in the next four years, seeking to win over a market with 260 million people. Indonesia is Grab’s largest market, where the four-year-old company saw more than 600 percent growth last year.

It’s hiring more than 800 new research and development staff in six centers over the next two years, including new facilities in Bangalore and Ho Chi Minh City. The company has said it is willing to set aside much as $100 million to bankroll early-stage startups in mobile and financial services technology in Indonesia.

Grab’s September fundraising was also led by SoftBank.
Trump tastes failure as U.S. House healthcare bill collapses.
President Donald Trump suffered a stunning political setback on Friday in a Congress controlled by his own party when Republican leaders pulled legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, a major 2016 election campaign promise of the president and his allies.
President Donald Trump suffered a stunning political setback on Friday in a Congress controlled by his own party when Republican leaders pulled legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, a major 2016 election campaign promise of the president and his allies.

House of Representatives leaders yanked the bill after a rebellion by Republican moderates and the party's most conservative lawmakers left them short of votes, ensuring that Trump's first major legislative initiative since taking office on Jan. 20 ended in failure. Democrats were unified against it.

House Republicans had planned a vote on the measure after Trump late on Thursday cut off negotiations with Republicans who had balked at the plan and issued an ultimatum to vote on Friday, win or lose. But desperate lobbying by the White House and Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan was unable to round up the 216 votes needed for passage.

"We learned a lot about loyalty. We learned a lot about the vote-getting process," Trump told reporters at the White House, although he sought to shift the blame to the Democrats even though his party controls the White House, the House and the Senate.

With Friday's legislative collapse, Democratic former President Barack Obama's signature domestic policy achievement, the 2010 Affordable Care Act - known as Obamacare - remains in place despite seven years of Republican promises to dismantle it.

The healthcare failure called into question not only Trump's ability to get other key parts of his agenda, including tax cuts and a boost in infrastructure spending, through Congress, but the Republican Party's capacity to govern effectively.

Neither Trump nor Ryan indicated any plans to try to tackle healthcare legislation again anytime soon. Trump said he would turn his attention to getting "big tax cuts" through Congress, another tricky proposition.

Republican supporters said the legislation would achieve their goal of rolling back the government's "nanny state" role in healthcare. The White House made undoing Obamacare its top priority when Trump took office two months ago.

But the White House and House leaders were unable to come up with a plan that satisfied the clashing interests of moderates and conservatives, despite Trump's vaunted image as a deal maker.

Amid a chaotic scramble for votes, Ryan, who championed the bill, met with Trump at the White House. Ryan said he recommended that it be withdrawn from the House floor because he did not have the votes to pass it, and Trump agreed.

"We were just probably anywhere from 10 to 15 votes short," Trump said. "With no Democrat support we couldn't quite get there."

Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said the bill failed "because of two traits that have plagued the Trump presidency since he took office: incompetence and broken promises."

Democrats said the bill would take away medical insurance from millions of Americans and leave the more-than-$3 trillion U.S. healthcare system in disarray.

RELATED COVERAGE

VIDEOIn blow to Trump, GOP cancels healthcare vote
VIDEOHealthcare failure a blow to Trump, GOP
VIDEOTrump pulls healthcare bill
VIDEOHouse Dems celebrate "victory for the Affordable Care Act"
And some moderate Republicans opposed the bill because of worries that millions of America would be hurt.

"There were things in this bill that I didn't particularly like," Trump added, without specifying what those were, but expressed confidence in Ryan's leadership.

"Perhaps the best thing that could happen is exactly what happened today, because we'll end up with a truly great healthcare bill in the future after this mess known as Obamacare explodes," said Trump, who had posted multiple tweets throughout March proclaiming that "Obamacare is imploding" and repeatedly saying that Republicans were coming together to pass the bill.

Friday's events cast doubt on whether Ryan can get major legislation approved by fractious Republican lawmakers.

RELATED COVERAGE

VIDEO'This is a disappointing day' -Ryan
Trump disappointed House conservatives blocked healthcare bill
Trump on Obamacare repeal: from boasts of greatness to lessons learned
Instant View: Republicans pull Obamacare repeal bill
"I will not sugarcoat this. This is a disappointing day for us. Doing big things is hard," Ryan said at a news conference, adding that his fellow Republicans are experiencing what he called "growing pains" transitioning from an opposition party to a governing party.

"Obamacare's the law of the land," Ryan added. "We're going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future."

 leftright
21/21leftright
U.S. President Donald Trump talks to journalists at the Oval Office of the White House after the AHCA health care bill was pulled before a vote, accompanied by U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price (L) and Vice President Mike Pence, in Washington, U.S. March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
1/21leftright
2/21leftright
3/21leftright
4/21leftright
5/21leftright
6/21leftright
7/21leftright
8/21leftright
9/21leftright
10/21leftright
11/21leftright
12/21leftright
13/21leftright
14/21leftright
15/21leftright
16/21leftright
17/21leftright
18/21leftright
19/21leftright
20/21leftright
21/21leftright
1/21
"A LITTLE SURPRISED"

Members of the Freedom Caucus, the House's most conservative members, were instrumental in the bill's failure, opposing it among other reasons because they considered parts too similar to Obamacare.

Trump said he was disappointed and "a little surprised" with the Freedom Caucus opposition.

The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said under the Republican legislation 14 million people would lose medical coverage by next year and more than 24 million would be uninsured in 2026.

News that the bill had been pulled before a final vote was greeted initially with a small sigh of relief by U.S. equity investors, who earlier in the week had been fretful that an outright defeat would damage Trump's other priorities, such as tax cuts and infrastructure spending.

Benchmark U.S. stock market indexes ended the session mixed after rallying back from session lows following the news. The S&P 500 Index ended fractionally lower, the blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped about 0.3 percent and the Nasdaq Composite Index rose about 0.2 percent.

Shares of hospital operators finished sharply higher, with the S&P healthcare facilities index up 2.7 percent, while the S&P 500 healthcare sector edged down 0.03 percent. The dollar strengthened modestly on the news, and U.S. Treasury bond yields edged up from session lows.

Trump said he would be "totally open" to working with Democrats on healthcare "when they all become civilized." House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said working to lower prescription drug prices was one area of possible cooperation with Republicans.

Republican Representative Dana Rohrabacher said before the bill was pulled that voting it down would be "neutering Trump" while empowering his opponents.

"You don't cut the balls off a bull and then expect that he can go out and get the job done," Rohrabacher told Reuters. "This will emasculate Trump and we can't do that. ... If we bring this down now, Trump will have lost all of his leverage to pass whatever bill it is, whether it's the tax bill or whatever reforms that he wants."

Representative Joe Barton of Texas, when asked why his fellow Republicans were so united over the past seven years to dump Obamacare only to fall apart when they actually do something about it, said, "Sometimes you're playing fantasy football and sometimes you’re in the real game."

Obamacare boosted the number of Americans with health insurance through mandates on individuals and employers, and income-based subsidies. About 20 million Americans gained insurance coverage through the law.

The House plan would have rescinded a range of taxes created by Obamacare, ended a penalty on people who refuse to obtain health insurance, and ended Obamacare's income-based subsidies to help people buy insurance while creating less-generous age-based tax credits

It also would have ended Obamacare's expansion of the Medicaid state-federal insurance program for the poor, cut future federal Medicaid funding and let states impose work requirements on some Medicaid recipients.

House leaders agreed to a series of last-minute changes to try to win over disgruntled conservatives, including ending the Obamacare requirement that insurers cover certain "essential benefits" such as maternity care, mental health services and prescription drug coverage.
With healthcare bill dead, Republicans turn to taxes.
After failing to repeal Obamacare, Republicans in the U.S. Congress quickly pivoted on Friday to President Donald Trump's next priority: overhauling the federal tax code, but their plan has already split the business community.

Division among Republicans was the chief cause of the embarrassing setback on Obamacare, and similar fault lines have been evident for months in the Republicans' tax plan, mainly over an untested proposal to use the tax code to boost exports.

House of Representatives tax committee Chairman Kevin Brady conceded the demise of a Republican plan to roll back Obamacare could make the path to tax reform harder. "This made a big challenge more challenging. But it’s not insurmountable," he told Fox News after Ryan canceled a vote on an Obamacare rollback bill.

But Brady said he and House Speaker Paul Ryan are all-in on tax reform.

Brady said House Republicans plan to begin moving on tax reform this spring and to pass legislation before Congress's summer recess in late July.

"We’re going to work with the administration to get this done,” he said.

Trump has been unclear about his position on the most problematic feature of the House Republicans' tax "blueprint," a proposal known as the border adjustment tax that would cut taxes on exports and raise them on imports.

Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday that tax reform in many ways is "a lot simpler" than healthcare reform.

"We're able to take the tax code and redesign things and I think there is very, very strong support," Mnuchin said at an event hosted by news website Axios.

Comprehensive tax reform is a policy goal so complex that it has defied successive Congresses and presidents since 1986 when it was last accomplished under former President Ronald Reagan.

The U.S. tax code is riddled with narrow subsidies and loopholes, many of them deeply embedded in the economy and defended by the interests they benefit, such as the mortgage interest deduction and the business interest deductibility.

Brady's panel has been working on a plan since mid-2016 that would cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, end taxing foreign profits for U.S.-based multinationals and cut other tax rates for businesses and investors.

The plan has divided businesses, prompting import-dependent industries to warn of higher prices for consumer goods from clothing and electronics to gasoline.

Brady has been adamant that border adjustment will be part of the House tax reform, saying earlier this week that the provision was "a given" for final legislation but would include a transition period for import-heavy industries.

ALSO IN POLITICS

Trump tastes failure as U.S. House healthcare bill collapses
For Trump, it was the lost art of the deal
(Additional reporting by Eric Walsh and David Lawder; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Bernard Orr).
Trump disappointed House conservatives blocked healthcare bill.
President Donald Trump said on Friday that he was disappointed that a conservative faction in the House of Representatives blocked his healthcare legislation and said "we learned a lot about loyalty" from the effort.

Speaking in the Oval Office after a stunning political setback, Trump said the healthcare effort was a victim of stalwart Democratic opposition and any future healthcare legislation would likely need Democratic support.

He also said he was surprised and disappointed by the opposition from the House Freedom Caucus, a group of conservatives who prevented Republicans from using their majority in the House to pass the legislation.

Asked if he felt betrayed by the Freedom Caucus, Trump said he did not.

No, I'm not betrayed. They're friends of mine. I'm disappointed because we could have had it. So I'm disappointed. I'm a little surprised, to be honest with you," Trump said.

"We really had it. It was pretty much there, within grasp. But I'll tell you what's going to come of it is a better bill...because there were things in this bill that I didn't particularly like. If both parties could get together and do real healthcare, that's the best thing," he said.

Trump, a New York businessman who won election Nov. 8 based in part on promises to get big deals through Congress, cast the failure as a learning experience.

“We all learned a lot. We learned a lot about loyalty," Trump said. "We learned a lot about some very arcane rules in obviously both the Senate and the House."

Trump also expressed confidence in House Speaker Paul Ryan, who was seen as the main backer of the legislation. Ryan personally delivered the news earlier in the day to Trump that there were not enough votes to pass it.

ALSO IN POLITICS

Trump tastes failure as U.S. House healthcare bill collapses
For Trump, it was the lost art of the deal
"I like Speaker Ryan. He worked very, very hard. A lot of different groups. He's got a lot of factions. And there's been a long history of liking and disliking, even within the Republican Party, long before I got here," he said. "I'm not going to speak badly about anybody within the party."

Trump has privately told confidants he wished he had done tax reform first instead of getting immersed in the difficult effort to overhaul President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law, which passed without Republican support in 2010.

"We'll probably be going right now for tax reform," Trump said, saying he wanted "big tax cuts and tax reform. That will be next."
Speaker Ryan dented by healthcare debacle, but keeps support.
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Friday acknowledged the unthinkable for a Republican leader: he could not deliver the votes to repeal and replace Obamacare, even though he and his fellow Republicans had vowed to do so for seven years.

Nevertheless, Ryan's job did not seem to be under immediate threat, at least not in the House of Representatives he leads.

Ryan's long-time news media nemesis, the website Breitbart, said Republicans were "openly discussing" finding a replacement for him after he pulled a bill to roll back Obamacare from the House floor just minutes before an intensely awaited final vote. The Breitbart article did not quote anyone by name.

In the House, just after the bill was pulled, several lawmakers brushed aside suggestions that the failure spelled trouble for Ryan, the 2012 Republican vice presidential candidate, who many have speculated has presidential ambitions.

Ryan, 47, has been speaker since October 2015. Under the law, he is next in line to the presidency after Vice President Mike Pence.

Republican Representative Justin Amash, a harsh critic of the ill-fated healthcare bill, told reporters, "We can do better with the legislative process." But, he added, "Nobody is talking about" trying to oust Ryan as speaker.

Amash had disparagingly dubbed the Republican healthcare bill "Obamacare 2.0," after Democratic former President Barack Obama's signature domestic policy achievement, the 2010 Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare.

Amash is a member of the hard-line conservative Freedom Caucus, which in 2015 ousted Ryan's predecessor as speaker, John Boehner, from the post. The caucus played a key role in the demise of the healthcare bill.

Ryan chose to make healthcare reform the first target on a list of legislative goals for the new Republican-majority Congress. He admitted on Friday that he was disappointed by the outcome.

Republicans faced resistance to the healthcare bill from both conservatives and moderates, making the process of winning passage difficult for the leadership.

ALSO IN POLITICS

Trump tastes failure as U.S. House healthcare bill collapses
For Trump, it was the lost art of the deal
Republican Representative Joe Barton, asked about the impact of Friday's loss on Ryan, told reporters: "The speaker is a human being. He's not Superman."

Republican Representative Barry Loudermilk, who backed the healthcare bill, said he didn't think the loss weakened the speaker's hand.

One Republican lawmaker who has been considered potential speaker material, Representative Jeb Hensarling of Texas, effusively praised Ryan, saying he had shown "phenomenal leadership."

"It is my hope that we can regroup and rally behind him (Ryan) and the president as a conference to deliver on our promise" to dismantle Obamacare, Hensarling said in a statement.
Iran denies harassing U.S. warships in Gulf, warns of clashes.
Iran denied on Saturday U.S. accusations that its fast-attack boats were "harassing" warships at the mouth of the Gulf, and said Washington would be responsible for any clashes in the key oil shipping route.

U.S. Navy commanders earlier accused Iran of jeopardizing international navigation by "harassing" warships passing through the Strait of Hormuz and said future incidents could result in miscalculation and lead to an armed clash.

They spoke after the U.S. aircraft carrier George H.W. Bush confronted what one of the commanding officers described as two sets of Iranian Navy fast-attack boats that had approached a U.S.-led, five-vessel flotilla as it entered the Strait on Tuesday on a journey from the Indian Ocean into the Gulf.

It was the first time a U.S. carrier entered the narrow waterway, where up to 30 percent of global oil exports pass, since President Donald Trump took office in January pledging a tougher U.S. stance towards Iran.

In Tehran, Brigadier General Masoud Jazayeri, deputy chief of staff of Iran's armed forces, said the U.S. claims of the confrontation in the Gulf were based on "false reports or ulterior motives", the state news agency IRNA reported.

"We emphasize that the Americans would be responsible for any unrest in the Persian Gulf, and again warn that the U.S. military must change its behavior," Jazayeri said, without elaborating.

U.S. commanders earlier said Tuesday's incident, in which the George H.W. Bush sent helicopter gunships to hover over the Iranian speedboats as some came as close as 950 yards (870 meters) from the aircraft carrier, ended without a shot being fired.

ALSO IN WORLD NEWS

U.S. confirms coalition strike in Mosul district where dozens reported killed
France's Macron ahead in polls, Fillon faces angry protesters
But it underscored growing tension between the United States and Iran since the election of Trump, who has condemned the 2015 nuclear deal that his predecessor Barack Obama and leaders of five other world powers struck with Tehran and labeled the Islamic Republic "the number one terrorist state".

The encounter with Iranian Navy boats occurred as the USS George H.W. Bush was en route to the northern part of the Gulf to participate in U.S.-led air strikes against Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria.

Earlier in March, Iran disputed the U.S. account of another confrontation in the Strait of Hormuz between its speedboats and a U.S. Navy vessel.
Trump Meets Freedom Caucus and Result Is Legislative Disaster.
During one of his frequent visits to the White House in recent days, Representative Mark Meadows listened to Donald Trump talk about a tote-board he uses to track his presidential campaign promises.

It included the one Meadows was there to talk about, repealing Obamacare. Trump made clear to the head of the House Freedom Caucus that he’s been going down that board, checking off each promise on the list -- and that he wanted to cross this one off too, so he could move on to a tax overhaul and others.


Mark MeadowsPhotographer: Nicholas Kamm/AFP via Getty Images
Except it wasn’t that simple. House leaders abruptly scrapped a planned vote on repeal Friday because not enough support materialized, largely due to Meadows’s Freedom Caucus, made up of Congress’s most rebellious conservative members.

For Trump, it was a taste of the anti-establishment fury that propelled him to the White House, delivered by a band of Republican lawmakers who’d rather defy the president than compromise on their conservative ideals.

Put simply, Trump underestimated them, failing to appreciate their determination to block legislation they considered a politically dubious half-measure, even if doing so humiliated Trump, lawmakers and conservative activists said.

“Members of the Freedom Caucus are committed to their constituents and their conservative values. If President Trump was not aware of their resolve before, he is now,” said Alice Stewart, who was a strategist on Texas Republican Senator Ted Cruz’s presidential campaign.

Turning to Taxes

There’s no evidence the group is prepared to fall in line any more easily behind Trump’s next legislation target, the first comprehensive tax overhaul in 30 years. The group’s roughly 40 members are strong believers in low taxes and small government, and also want to rein in entitlements and slash the deficit, two things Trump has never made a priority.

"For the good of our country, I want to see President Trump and his agenda succeed," said Representative Dave Brat of Virginia, a leading group member who complained the leaders’ bill left too much of Obamacare in place. But in the same statement, Brat said, "My promise to my constituents remains the same: I will always follow my principles, work toward good policy, and listen to my constituents."


What’s surprising to some analysts is that anyone can still be surprised. Conservatives who were later to form into the Freedom Caucus pushed for the government shutdown in 2013 over the objections of House leaders. It’s the group that ran off former Speaker John Boehner after finding him too willing to compromise with Democrats. And now it’s the catalyst behind the deal of Trump’s hoped-for health overhaul.

“They’re friends of mine,” Trump said of the caucus on Friday, after House Speaker Paul Ryan had pulled the bill from the floor. “I’m disappointed because we could have had it. I’m a little surprised, to be honest with you.”

Trump displayed some frustration with the group Friday morning, before the bill collapsed, in a tweet from his personal account.

“The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!” he said. Now that frustration has bled over to some in the House Republican conference, who say the group abandoned Trump at a critical moment and is too lashed to its rigid ideology.

‘Freedom Caucus rate hike’

Representative Chris Collins of New York, a close Trump ally, has said the group should disband and fold itself back into a larger conservative caucus, the Republican Study Committee. Representative Austin Scott of Georgia suggested that if health insurance premiums rise as a result of the House bill’s failure, the Freedom Caucus would be to blame.

“Get ready for the Freedom Caucus rate hike,” he said.

Trump might be forgiven for thinking the group would be a surefire "yes." Nearly all came from congressional districts Trump carried overwhelmingly. Many backed his campaign.

Indeed, roughly half of the Freedom Caucus members were ready to sign on to the Obamacare repeal bill. The other half still thought it didn’t go nearly far enough. Meadows and other members picked up on Kentucky Republican Senator Rand Paul’s saddling of the bill with a label that probably helped doom it: "Obamacare Lite."

For the bill’s supporters, it was a promising enough start. Representative Dave Schweikert of Arizona said he was proud to have voted to advance the measure out of the Ways and Means Committee, and praised it as a move to dismantle Obamacare’s "damaging taxes and mandates" so states could deliver better, more affordable health options.

Schweikert’s Arizona colleague, Representative Trent Franks, also came to support the measure, although he wasn’t happy about the limitations placed on the bill to conform with Senate rules.

But Brat, who said the bill didn’t go far enough to undo Obamacare’s regulations on insurance companies, was among others who weren’t ready to support it. He said Saturday, "The initial construction of this bill kept the structure and architecture of Obamacare fully in place."

Freedom Caucus co-founder Jim Jordan of Ohio stuck to his insistence that Congress needed to first pass a complete, clean repeal of Obamacare, and then get to work on devising a replacement. After the bill was pulled, he said, "Now, House Republicans owe it to our constituents to immediately get back to the drawing board and bring forward a bolder effort to replace the failing Obamacare with a plan to reduce costs by increasing choice and competition."

White House Meetings

It wasn’t that Trump didn’t try to get support from the Freedom Caucus. He invited the group to the White House several times -- and more importantly, asked its members to offer suggestions to improve the bill. (Trump made the same offer to the moderate "Tuesday Group" of House Republicans, at a time when Ryan was trying to rally support behind the existing bill.)

The negotiating intensified between the White House and the group in the last week, and the Freedom Caucus members said the talks were productive, but complained about Ryan’s Thursday time line for a vote as arbitrary and rushed.

After Trump visited Capitol Hill Tuesday, he brought some members of the group to the White House Wednesday, prompting Meadows to return to the Capitol and tell reporters he was "cautiously optimistic."   Even as he went into a meeting with fellow caucus members to describe the developments, he says Trump personally called him on his cellphone to talk some more.

Meadows had won a big concession from the president -- the bill would be changed to strip out Obamacare’s requirements that health insurers provide a set of essential health benefits. But the last-minute change wasn’t quite enough for the Freedom Caucus holdouts, but went too far for some wavering moderates, who declared their opposition the next day.

Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics.
Get our newsletter daily.

Enter your email
 Sign Up
After another meeting Thursday with some members of the caucus and the president, there was still no deal, and Ryan’s plan to vote that day, on the seventh anniversary of Obamacare being signed into law, was put off. A last-ditch meeting Friday with Vice President Mike Pence, who served 12 years in the House, also failed to break the logjam. And the bill was pulled, 30 minutes before the scheduled vote.

Conservative groups place some of the blame on Ryan, who has generally had good relations with the group after working early on to give them more say in Republican matters than Boehner did and more freedom to bring bills to the floor.

But in this case, the Freedom Caucus was only looped in after the bill was introduced and an avalanche of criticism already had mounted on the right, making it more difficult for the group to get on board.

Wide Opposition

The bill achieved the rare feat of uniting Democrats and Republicans on both ideological ends of their party in opposition. Moderate Republicans worried that the legislation would leave too many Americans without coverage and drive up insurance premiums.

The Congressional Budget Office said that about 24 million Americans would lose or drop their insurance coverage over a decade, at a savings of about $150 billion to the federal government.

Miscalculating the depth of the Freedom Caucus’s opposition leaves Trump’s ambitious agenda in jeopardy. Congressional leaders had maintained that they must tackle the repeal and replacement of Obamacare, a long-promised goal of most Republicans, before turning to other key priorities such as an overhaul of the tax code or Trump’s infrastructure construction plan.

Trump and Ryan both said on Friday that they will next pursue a tax overhaul.
Caucus members insist they have not abandoned Trump. The group said on Twitter Friday that it “looks forward to working with him” on a future, “better’ health care bill.

“We will always be able to work with him,” Franks said Friday. “The president knows the Freedom Caucus are his strongest supporters.”
Saudi Embassy Confirms U.K. Attacker Had Been in Saudi Arabia.
The British man who killed four people during a London rampage had made three trips to Saudi Arabia: He taught English there twice on a work visa and returned on a visa usually granted to those going on a religious pilgrimage.

More details about attacker Khalid Masood's travels, confirmed by the Saudi Arabian embassy in Britain, emerged Saturday amid a massive British police effort to discover how a homegrown ex-con with a violent streak became radicalized and why he launched a deadly attack Wednesday on Westminster Bridge.

The embassy said he taught English in Saudi Arabia from November 2005 to November 2006 and again from April 2008 to April 2009, with legitimate work visas both times. He then returned to Saudi Arabia for six days in March 2015 on a trip booked through an approved travel agent and made on an "Umra" visa, usually granted to those on a religious pilgrimage to the country's Islamic holy sites.

The embassy said Saudi security services didn't track Masood and he didn't have a criminal record there.

Before taking the name Masood, he was called Adrian Elms. He was known for having a violent temper in England and had been convicted at least twice for violent crimes.

Masood drove his rented SUV across London's crowded Westminster Bridge on Wednesday, striking pedestrians. Then he jumped out and stabbed to death police officer Keith Palmer, who was guarding Parliament, before being shot dead by police.

In all, he killed four people and left more than two dozen hospitalized, including some with catastrophic injuries. The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, calling him a "solider" who responded to its demands that followers attack countries in the coalition fighting IS in Syria and Iraq.

British officials said security at Parliament will be reviewed after new footage emerged that showed the large gates to the complex were left open after Masood rushed onto the grounds. There are concerns that accomplices could have followed him in and killed even more people. The footage from that day shows pedestrians walking by the open gates and even a courier entering Parliament grounds.
Former Metropolitan Police commissioner Ian Blair told the BBC that changes to the "outer soft ring" of Parliament's security plan are likely in the aftermath of Masood's attack.

The new footage follows earlier video that showed slight delays and confusion during the evacuation of Prime Minister Theresa May from Parliament as the attack unfolded.

Masood, who at 52 is considerably older than most extremists who carry out bloodshed in the West, had an arrest record in Britain dating to 1983. In 2000, he slashed a man across the face in a pub parking lot in a racially charged argument after drinking, according to a newspaper account. Masood's last conviction, in 2003, also involved a knife attack.

One victim, Danny Smith, told The Sun newspaper that Masood had stabbed him in the face with a kitchen knife after an argument just three days after they met.

Hundreds of British police have been working to determine his motives and are scouring Masood's communications systems, including his possible use of the encrypted WhatsApp device, to help determine if he had any accomplices.

Still, police have released many of those they took in for questioning in the case.

One 58-year-old man remains in custody for questioning after being arrested Thursday in the central English city of Birmingham, where Masood was living. Authorities haven't charged or identified him.

A 32-year-old woman arrested in Manchester has been released on bail and faces further inquiries.

Police said Saturday that a 27-year-old man arrested Thursday in Birmingham has been released.

Eight others arrested in connection with the investigation had been set free earlier, including a 39-year-old woman who had initially been freed on bail but now faces no further police action, police said Saturday.

Details about how Masood became radicalized aren't clear, although he may have become exposed to radical views while an inmate in Britain or while working in conservative Saudi Arabia. It's also not clear when he took the name Masood, suggesting a conversion to Islam.
Barrick Gold Chairman's Total Compensation Boosted in 2016.
Thornton received a salary of $2.5 million, long-term incentives of $5.32 million, $307,198 in other compensation and a pension value of $375,000, the Toronto-based miner said Friday in a regulatory filing. “A significant majority” of the long-term compensation “must be used to purchase Barrick common shares, which must be held until the later of three years and the date he retires or leaves the company,” Barrick said in the filing.

Under Thornton, who is a former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. president, Barrick has emerged from a multiyear strategy to cut costs and sell assets to lower its debt. The miner’s shares more than doubled last year.

Thornton elected to forfeit $3.4 million of incentives for 2015, which means he received $3.1 million in total pay for the year. His total compensation in 2014 was $12.9 million, which included $9.5 million of incentive pay.

According to the filing, Barrick President Kelvin Dushnisky was awarded $5.21 million in compensation for 2016, including a salary of $905,760, share-based awards of $2.47 million and $1.41 million in incentive compensation. His total pay is up 20 percent from 2015.
Barrick Gold Corp. awarded Executive Chairman John Thornton $8.5 million in total compensation last year, more than double what he received in 2015 when he gave up his bonus in the wake of investor criticism of pay packages at the world’s largest gold producer.
Photographer: AFP/AFP/Getty Images
Uber to Suspend Autonomous Tests After Arizona Accident.
Uber Technologies Inc. is suspending its self-driving car program after one of its autonomous vehicles was involved in a high-impact crash in Tempe, Arizona, the latest incident for a company reeling from multiple crises.

In a photo posted on Twitter, one of Uber’s Volvo self-driving SUVs is pictured on its side next to another car with dents and smashed windows. An Uber spokeswoman confirmed the incident, and the veracity of the photo, and added that the ride-hailing company is suspending its autonomous tests in Arizona until it completes its investigation and pausing its Pittsburgh operations.
The Uber vehicle was not responsible for the incident and there were no injuries, Tempe police information officer Josie Montenegro told Bloomberg News. Another car failed to yield for the Uber car, causing the autonomous vehicle to flip on its side, according to the police report.

"There was a person behind the wheel," said Montenegro regarding the Uber vehicle. "It is uncertain at this time if they were controlling the vehicle at the time of the collision."

An Uber spokeswoman said "we are continuing to look into this incident and can confirm we had no backseat passengers in the vehicle."

Exclusive insights on technology around the world.
Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Enter your email
 Sign Up
Uber began testing self-driving cars in Pittsburgh last year and soon expanded to Arizona, after its self-driving cars were banned from San Francisco’s streets in December by the California Department of Motor Vehicles. The focus on self-driving cars was intended to demonstrate Uber’s progress with the nascent technology, and it began picking up customers in Tempe last month after Arizona Governor Doug Ducey, a proponent of self-driving cars, took the inaugural ride.

However, Uber’s self-driving car program has been mired in controversy. Waymo, Alphabet Inc.’s autonomous driving business that is also testing driverless vehicles in Arizona, sued an Uber unit called Otto earlier this year for allegedly stealing designs for an important component of driverless cars known as lidar. Uber called the suit "baseless."

The photo, showing the Uber SUV on its side, suggests a relatively high-impact crash. That would be a contrast to the incidents involving self-driving cars tested by Waymo. In more than 2 million miles of testing on public roads, Waymo’s vehicles were mostly minor incidents, often when other cars drove into the back of their vehicles in busy areas.

The incident also comes as Uber, and Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick, are currently under scrutiny because of a series of scandals. The ride-hailing company has been accused of operating a sexist workplace. This month, the New York Times reported that Uber used a tool called Greyball to help drivers evade government regulators and enforcement officials. Kalanick said he needed "leadership help" after Bloomberg published a video showing him arguing with an Uber driver.
As Uber Grew Hastily, Diversity Took a Backseat.
Under pressure from harassment and sexism allegations, the ride-hailing giant is rethinking its approach to hiring.
Efforts to hire more women and people of color at Uber Technologies Inc. have been long hindered by a peculiar constraint. Members of the recruiting team were denied access to information about the company’s diversity makeup, according to several people familiar with Uber’s hiring apparatus.

The recruiting arm assigns some members to focus on hiring diverse candidates, an initiative that has received enthusiastic endorsements from Uber Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick. But the team found it difficult to do its job without demographic data, which is a common way to identify a company’s weaknesses and set hiring targets, the people said. Like many of its Silicon Valley cohorts, Uber is an obsessively data-driven company, where recruiters log every interaction with candidates and scour their social media profiles. The diversity data limitation was especially vexing because other technology companies of its size release annual diversity reports to the public.

Uber’s demographic composition has been a topic of interest for people outside the recruiting department, too. Various female software engineers have requested such data for years and were told the human resources department didn’t track it. Some of them began calculating it on their own in an attempt to determine which managers seemed friendliest to women, said a former employee.

Beyond the lack of data, the company’s recruitment efforts struggled from a dearth of focus, funding and leadership. At least a half-dozen Uber recruiters involved in diversity initiatives have left in the past 18 months. Several of those people said diversity took a backseat to the company’s needs to hire quickly.

Liane Hornsey, Uber’s senior vice president of HR, said in a conference call with reporters on Tuesday that she’s working to clean up Uber’s cultural problems, including its approach to recruiting. Hornsey, who joined the company this year, said Uber revised 1,500 job descriptions to remove unconscious bias from the language, will hold job interview training for women in tech and is ensuring its panel of interviewers is diverse. Uber plans to release a diversity report for the first time next week. “We’re spending a good deal of time reflecting on what will lead to true diversity and inclusion,” Hornsey wrote in an email. “Clearly, this matters a lot to all of us and must underpin everything we do—it’s the foundation of positive cultural change.”

Bloomberg spoke with about a dozen current and former Uber staffers familiar with the company’s hiring process, including several members of the recruiting team. They asked not to be identified because many have employment contracts that bar them from criticizing the company. Their experiences illustrate how a startup defined on breaking rules and expanding at any cost can develop into a homogenous work environment, where discrimination goes unchecked. Uber, valued at $69 billion, has become the latest test case for Silicon Valley’s enduring inclusion issues.
Uber is under enormous scrutiny following recent accusations of a toxic and sexist workplace. Susan Fowler, a former software engineer at the company, wrote a blog post last month alleging that her boss at Uber propositioned her for sex and was protected by HR. She also said women were discriminated against throughout the technical group.

The ride-hailing giant is now trying to rehabilitate its image and ease employee unrest. It hired former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to investigate the sexual harassment claims and the company’s culture. The results of this probe are expected by the end of April and will be released to the public, according to Arianna Huffington, an Uber board member.

The company all-hands meeting each Tuesday has become a weekly airing of grievances, where Kalanick has offered several tearful apologies. The 40-year-old CEO delivered one such atonement publicly after Bloomberg published a video showing him arguing with an Uber driver. Kalanick said he needed “leadership help” and would hire an operating chief. Some insiders are pushing for a strong female leader to take the role.

As the company prepares a full diversity report, it has presented one stat: 15 percent of engineers, scientists and product managers are women. This is lower than other startups, and even its bigger and older tech peers, including Facebook Inc., which has struggled with its own diversity hiring initiatives. Airbnb Inc., which was founded around the same time as Uber, said 26 percent of technical employees are women. Lyft Inc., which is Uber’s main competitor in the U.S., said it plans to release its first diversity report in the coming weeks.
Companies that have successfully improved diversity numbers typically take a systematic approach to diversity hiring processes and goals, make their inclusion commitments clear and reach out to and recruit from diverse professional organizations, said Andrea Hoffman, founder of the diversity consulting firm Culture Shift Labs. Those initiatives must be driven by corporate chiefs, she said. “This is a multifaceted approach that starts at the top.”

In the occasional meeting between Kalanick and some members of Uber’s recruiting team, the CEO would strike an upbeat tone toward diversity. But when staff would propose investing more in that area, recruiters became frustrated after he repeatedly postponed decisions, said a person familiar with the gatherings. “Let’s keep jamming on this,” Kalanick would say, deploying a common Uber-ism.

Kalanick would also refer to the company’s 14 cultural values, which include “meritocracy and toe-stepping,” meaning good ideas are valued above all else. Employees were evaluated in performance reviews on how well they exhibited these values. None of the 14 values refer specifically to diversity or inclusion. Kalanick often said diversity comes in many different forms and resisted the idea of prioritizing race or gender, according to two people. He’s said Uber should look for the “best minds.”

“The culture that Uber’s wanted to build is not one that’s designed to be inclusive and equitable”


In 2015, as Uber was expanding worldwide and more than doubling headcount, it hired Damien Hooper-Campbell as global diversity and inclusion lead. Hooper-Campbell, who is black, has extensive experience in the area. He was an assistant director of minority initiatives at Harvard Business School, a Goldman Sachs Group Inc. vice president focused on inclusion efforts and a diversity strategist at Google. Renee Atwood, Uber’s former HR head, held his appointment up as proof that the company was working to create a more diverse culture in a 2015 Wired story.

Hooper-Campbell was initially tasked with planning diversity recruitment programs and outlining goals to make Uber more hospitable to minorities working there, said two former employees. The move was encouraging to his fellow recruiters, who were frustrated by a lack of leadership on diversity projects at the company’s San Francisco headquarters.

But Hooper-Campbell’s job soon changed. He was dispatched to Oakland to serve as a face of the company to local officials and help oversee logistics around the new office, the people said. “His role was in constant flux,” Sean Cervera, a former colleague on Uber’s recruiting team, recalled in a blog post this month. Within a year, Hooper-Campbell left to become chief diversity officer at EBay Inc. A spokeswoman for EBay declined to make him available for an interview.

Cervera wrote that he had been enlisted to help Uber find more diverse recruits in technical roles but was only allowed to spend 10 percent of his time on inclusion initiatives. Cervera, who now works on inclusion recruiting programs at Microsoft Corp.’s LinkedIn, declined to comment.

At times, Uber’s recruiting leadership seemed to be preoccupied with gimmicks. Last year, Jim Baaden, the global head of recruiting, hosted several events for job candidates in which attendees were asked to break into small groups and put on blindfolds, said five people familiar with the proceedings. Candidates were instructed to pluck sateen blindfolds from a cardboard box and silently arrange puzzle pieces into molded shapes. The Uber staff hosting the event set a timer to seven minutes, while they clapped vigorously and blasted pop music from a stereo. Afterward, an Uber recruiting coordinator explained that the purpose of the exercise was to see how applicants approach problems in a chaotic situation. The exercise, which is called Colourblind, is also used by other companies as a test of teamwork.

Uber missed an important opportunity last year by not placing a higher priority on diversity, said Joelle Emerson, who runs diversity consulting firm Paradigm. Uber’s staff more than doubled again in 2016, exceeding 12,000 employees today. “The culture that Uber’s wanted to build is not one that’s designed to be inclusive and equitable and set everyone up for success. And I think that is the underlying problem,” Emerson said. “Having a more diverse organization can help drive a more positive culture.”

After repeated vacillations by Kalanick, Uber eventually committed cash to diversity programs. In October, Baaden distributed $25,000 apiece to several identity-based employee resource groups at Uber, catering to LGBT, female engineers and others, a person familiar with the matter said. A few months later, the company hired Bernard Coleman, the former chief diversity officer for Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, as head of diversity and inclusion.

Baaden pointed to the addition of Coleman in a recent interview as evidence that the company cares about diversity. “You bring in someone like that, the expectation is that it continues to be an important consideration for us as we invest and think about programs and think about different ways to engage a diverse population of both employees and talent,” Baaden said.

But Mitch and Freada Kapor, a pair of early Uber investors, believe the company isn’t doing enough. Uber has had “countless opportunities to do the right thing,” they wrote in a blog post. “Uber’s outsize success in terms of growth of market share, revenues and valuation are impressive, but can never excuse a culture plagued by disrespect, exclusionary cliques, lack of diversity, and tolerance for bullying and harassment of every form.”

Exclusive insights on technology around the world.
Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Enter your email
 Sign Up
A week after their rebuke, Kalanick asked for the resignation of a newly appointed senior executive, who was investigated by his former employer over a sexual harassment claim. Uber recruiters weren’t aware of the issue before he was hired. The executive, Amit Singhal, denied the allegation. Hornsey, the new HR head, said on Tuesday that the company has been talking with the Kapors and will take their input into account. On Thursday, Kalanick met with the Rev. Jesse Jackson.

The scandals are beginning to take a toll on Uber’s ability to recruit talent. Cassie Vance, a brand strategy expert in San Francisco, said she was approached by the ride-hailing giant this month about a job opportunity. “Under normal circumstances, I’d love to have a conversation regarding a role like this, because it sounds right up my alley. But you and I both know these are not normal circumstances,” Vance wrote to the recruiter, according to a copy of the LinkedIn message seen by Bloomberg. “To say that I’d be embarrassed to have Uber on my résumé would be a gross understatement. I know I’m not the only person that feels this way, and if you ask me, there’s no marketing strategy that is going to get you guys out of the hole you’ve dug yourselves.”
Photographer: Ore Huiying/Bloomberg
Uber Rival Grab Raising $1.5 Billion in New Funding Round.
Grab, Uber Technologies Inc.’s largest rival in Southeast Asia, plans to raise more than $1.5 billion in a new funding round backed by SoftBank Group Corp., people familiar with the matter said.

SoftBank is pledging about $1 billion in the ride-sharing company backed by Tiger Global Management and GGV Capital, the people said, asking not to be named because the matter is private. It wasn’t clear if the money was coming from the Japanese company itself or its yet-to-close SoftBank Vision Fund. Grab’s financing could be a record for Southeast Asia, eclipsing the $750 million the company raised in September in a round said to give it a then valuation of more than $3 billion.

Grab, which this week announced plans to expand to its seventh country in the region, is racing against Uber and Go-Jek Indonesia PT to cast its net across more cities and drum up business for its nascent payments platform. The companies have been engaged in a cash-burning battle underpinned by their ability to raise funds and expand in one of the fastest growing markets globally.

Grab declined to comment. SoftBank wasn’t immediately able to comment.

SoftBank’s billionaire Chairman Masayoshi Son is trying to close his $100 billion Vision Fund, which is being backed by his own company, along with money from Saudi Arabia’s public investment fund and Abu Dhabi’s Mubadala Development Co. Apple Inc., Qualcomm Inc. and Oracle Corp. Chairman Larry Ellison may invest $1 billion each, people familiar with the matter have said.

As SoftBank closes in on the first round of the fund, it has cut investment deals, including for satellite startup OneWeb Ltd., that it said will likely be included in the fund.

Grab has pledged $700 million in investment in Indonesia in the next four years, seeking to win over a market with 260 million people. Indonesia is Grab’s largest market, where the four-year-old company saw more than 600 percent growth last year.

It’s hiring more than 800 new research and development staff in six centers over the next two years, including new facilities in Bangalore and Ho Chi Minh City. The company has said it is willing to set aside much as $100 million to bankroll early-stage startups in mobile and financial services technology in Indonesia.

Grab’s September fundraising was also led by SoftBank.
Trump tastes failure as U.S. House healthcare bill collapses.
President Donald Trump suffered a stunning political setback on Friday in a Congress controlled by his own party when Republican leaders pulled legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, a major 2016 election campaign promise of the president and his allies.
President Donald Trump suffered a stunning political setback on Friday in a Congress controlled by his own party when Republican leaders pulled legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, a major 2016 election campaign promise of the president and his allies.

House of Representatives leaders yanked the bill after a rebellion by Republican moderates and the party's most conservative lawmakers left them short of votes, ensuring that Trump's first major legislative initiative since taking office on Jan. 20 ended in failure. Democrats were unified against it.

House Republicans had planned a vote on the measure after Trump late on Thursday cut off negotiations with Republicans who had balked at the plan and issued an ultimatum to vote on Friday, win or lose. But desperate lobbying by the White House and Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan was unable to round up the 216 votes needed for passage.

"We learned a lot about loyalty. We learned a lot about the vote-getting process," Trump told reporters at the White House, although he sought to shift the blame to the Democrats even though his party controls the White House, the House and the Senate.

With Friday's legislative collapse, Democratic former President Barack Obama's signature domestic policy achievement, the 2010 Affordable Care Act - known as Obamacare - remains in place despite seven years of Republican promises to dismantle it.

The healthcare failure called into question not only Trump's ability to get other key parts of his agenda, including tax cuts and a boost in infrastructure spending, through Congress, but the Republican Party's capacity to govern effectively.

Neither Trump nor Ryan indicated any plans to try to tackle healthcare legislation again anytime soon. Trump said he would turn his attention to getting "big tax cuts" through Congress, another tricky proposition.

Republican supporters said the legislation would achieve their goal of rolling back the government's "nanny state" role in healthcare. The White House made undoing Obamacare its top priority when Trump took office two months ago.

But the White House and House leaders were unable to come up with a plan that satisfied the clashing interests of moderates and conservatives, despite Trump's vaunted image as a deal maker.

Amid a chaotic scramble for votes, Ryan, who championed the bill, met with Trump at the White House. Ryan said he recommended that it be withdrawn from the House floor because he did not have the votes to pass it, and Trump agreed.

"We were just probably anywhere from 10 to 15 votes short," Trump said. "With no Democrat support we couldn't quite get there."

Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said the bill failed "because of two traits that have plagued the Trump presidency since he took office: incompetence and broken promises."

Democrats said the bill would take away medical insurance from millions of Americans and leave the more-than-$3 trillion U.S. healthcare system in disarray.

RELATED COVERAGE

VIDEOIn blow to Trump, GOP cancels healthcare vote
VIDEOHealthcare failure a blow to Trump, GOP
VIDEOTrump pulls healthcare bill
VIDEOHouse Dems celebrate "victory for the Affordable Care Act"
And some moderate Republicans opposed the bill because of worries that millions of America would be hurt.

"There were things in this bill that I didn't particularly like," Trump added, without specifying what those were, but expressed confidence in Ryan's leadership.

"Perhaps the best thing that could happen is exactly what happened today, because we'll end up with a truly great healthcare bill in the future after this mess known as Obamacare explodes," said Trump, who had posted multiple tweets throughout March proclaiming that "Obamacare is imploding" and repeatedly saying that Republicans were coming together to pass the bill.

Friday's events cast doubt on whether Ryan can get major legislation approved by fractious Republican lawmakers.

RELATED COVERAGE

VIDEO'This is a disappointing day' -Ryan
Trump disappointed House conservatives blocked healthcare bill
Trump on Obamacare repeal: from boasts of greatness to lessons learned
Instant View: Republicans pull Obamacare repeal bill
"I will not sugarcoat this. This is a disappointing day for us. Doing big things is hard," Ryan said at a news conference, adding that his fellow Republicans are experiencing what he called "growing pains" transitioning from an opposition party to a governing party.

"Obamacare's the law of the land," Ryan added. "We're going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future."

 leftright
21/21leftright
U.S. President Donald Trump talks to journalists at the Oval Office of the White House after the AHCA health care bill was pulled before a vote, accompanied by U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price (L) and Vice President Mike Pence, in Washington, U.S. March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
1/21leftright
2/21leftright
3/21leftright
4/21leftright
5/21leftright
6/21leftright
7/21leftright
8/21leftright
9/21leftright
10/21leftright
11/21leftright
12/21leftright
13/21leftright
14/21leftright
15/21leftright
16/21leftright
17/21leftright
18/21leftright
19/21leftright
20/21leftright
21/21leftright
1/21
"A LITTLE SURPRISED"

Members of the Freedom Caucus, the House's most conservative members, were instrumental in the bill's failure, opposing it among other reasons because they considered parts too similar to Obamacare.

Trump said he was disappointed and "a little surprised" with the Freedom Caucus opposition.

The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said under the Republican legislation 14 million people would lose medical coverage by next year and more than 24 million would be uninsured in 2026.

News that the bill had been pulled before a final vote was greeted initially with a small sigh of relief by U.S. equity investors, who earlier in the week had been fretful that an outright defeat would damage Trump's other priorities, such as tax cuts and infrastructure spending.

Benchmark U.S. stock market indexes ended the session mixed after rallying back from session lows following the news. The S&P 500 Index ended fractionally lower, the blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped about 0.3 percent and the Nasdaq Composite Index rose about 0.2 percent.

Shares of hospital operators finished sharply higher, with the S&P healthcare facilities index up 2.7 percent, while the S&P 500 healthcare sector edged down 0.03 percent. The dollar strengthened modestly on the news, and U.S. Treasury bond yields edged up from session lows.

Trump said he would be "totally open" to working with Democrats on healthcare "when they all become civilized." House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said working to lower prescription drug prices was one area of possible cooperation with Republicans.

Republican Representative Dana Rohrabacher said before the bill was pulled that voting it down would be "neutering Trump" while empowering his opponents.

"You don't cut the balls off a bull and then expect that he can go out and get the job done," Rohrabacher told Reuters. "This will emasculate Trump and we can't do that. ... If we bring this down now, Trump will have lost all of his leverage to pass whatever bill it is, whether it's the tax bill or whatever reforms that he wants."

Representative Joe Barton of Texas, when asked why his fellow Republicans were so united over the past seven years to dump Obamacare only to fall apart when they actually do something about it, said, "Sometimes you're playing fantasy football and sometimes you’re in the real game."

Obamacare boosted the number of Americans with health insurance through mandates on individuals and employers, and income-based subsidies. About 20 million Americans gained insurance coverage through the law.

The House plan would have rescinded a range of taxes created by Obamacare, ended a penalty on people who refuse to obtain health insurance, and ended Obamacare's income-based subsidies to help people buy insurance while creating less-generous age-based tax credits

It also would have ended Obamacare's expansion of the Medicaid state-federal insurance program for the poor, cut future federal Medicaid funding and let states impose work requirements on some Medicaid recipients.

House leaders agreed to a series of last-minute changes to try to win over disgruntled conservatives, including ending the Obamacare requirement that insurers cover certain "essential benefits" such as maternity care, mental health services and prescription drug coverage.
With healthcare bill dead, Republicans turn to taxes.
After failing to repeal Obamacare, Republicans in the U.S. Congress quickly pivoted on Friday to President Donald Trump's next priority: overhauling the federal tax code, but their plan has already split the business community.

Division among Republicans was the chief cause of the embarrassing setback on Obamacare, and similar fault lines have been evident for months in the Republicans' tax plan, mainly over an untested proposal to use the tax code to boost exports.

House of Representatives tax committee Chairman Kevin Brady conceded the demise of a Republican plan to roll back Obamacare could make the path to tax reform harder. "This made a big challenge more challenging. But it’s not insurmountable," he told Fox News after Ryan canceled a vote on an Obamacare rollback bill.

But Brady said he and House Speaker Paul Ryan are all-in on tax reform.

Brady said House Republicans plan to begin moving on tax reform this spring and to pass legislation before Congress's summer recess in late July.

"We’re going to work with the administration to get this done,” he said.

Trump has been unclear about his position on the most problematic feature of the House Republicans' tax "blueprint," a proposal known as the border adjustment tax that would cut taxes on exports and raise them on imports.

Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday that tax reform in many ways is "a lot simpler" than healthcare reform.

"We're able to take the tax code and redesign things and I think there is very, very strong support," Mnuchin said at an event hosted by news website Axios.

Comprehensive tax reform is a policy goal so complex that it has defied successive Congresses and presidents since 1986 when it was last accomplished under former President Ronald Reagan.

The U.S. tax code is riddled with narrow subsidies and loopholes, many of them deeply embedded in the economy and defended by the interests they benefit, such as the mortgage interest deduction and the business interest deductibility.

Brady's panel has been working on a plan since mid-2016 that would cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, end taxing foreign profits for U.S.-based multinationals and cut other tax rates for businesses and investors.

The plan has divided businesses, prompting import-dependent industries to warn of higher prices for consumer goods from clothing and electronics to gasoline.

Brady has been adamant that border adjustment will be part of the House tax reform, saying earlier this week that the provision was "a given" for final legislation but would include a transition period for import-heavy industries.

ALSO IN POLITICS

Trump tastes failure as U.S. House healthcare bill collapses
For Trump, it was the lost art of the deal
(Additional reporting by Eric Walsh and David Lawder; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Bernard Orr).
Trump disappointed House conservatives blocked healthcare bill.
President Donald Trump said on Friday that he was disappointed that a conservative faction in the House of Representatives blocked his healthcare legislation and said "we learned a lot about loyalty" from the effort.

Speaking in the Oval Office after a stunning political setback, Trump said the healthcare effort was a victim of stalwart Democratic opposition and any future healthcare legislation would likely need Democratic support.

He also said he was surprised and disappointed by the opposition from the House Freedom Caucus, a group of conservatives who prevented Republicans from using their majority in the House to pass the legislation.

Asked if he felt betrayed by the Freedom Caucus, Trump said he did not.

No, I'm not betrayed. They're friends of mine. I'm disappointed because we could have had it. So I'm disappointed. I'm a little surprised, to be honest with you," Trump said.

"We really had it. It was pretty much there, within grasp. But I'll tell you what's going to come of it is a better bill...because there were things in this bill that I didn't particularly like. If both parties could get together and do real healthcare, that's the best thing," he said.

Trump, a New York businessman who won election Nov. 8 based in part on promises to get big deals through Congress, cast the failure as a learning experience.

“We all learned a lot. We learned a lot about loyalty," Trump said. "We learned a lot about some very arcane rules in obviously both the Senate and the House."

Trump also expressed confidence in House Speaker Paul Ryan, who was seen as the main backer of the legislation. Ryan personally delivered the news earlier in the day to Trump that there were not enough votes to pass it.

ALSO IN POLITICS

Trump tastes failure as U.S. House healthcare bill collapses
For Trump, it was the lost art of the deal
"I like Speaker Ryan. He worked very, very hard. A lot of different groups. He's got a lot of factions. And there's been a long history of liking and disliking, even within the Republican Party, long before I got here," he said. "I'm not going to speak badly about anybody within the party."

Trump has privately told confidants he wished he had done tax reform first instead of getting immersed in the difficult effort to overhaul President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law, which passed without Republican support in 2010.

"We'll probably be going right now for tax reform," Trump said, saying he wanted "big tax cuts and tax reform. That will be next."
Speaker Ryan dented by healthcare debacle, but keeps support.
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Friday acknowledged the unthinkable for a Republican leader: he could not deliver the votes to repeal and replace Obamacare, even though he and his fellow Republicans had vowed to do so for seven years.

Nevertheless, Ryan's job did not seem to be under immediate threat, at least not in the House of Representatives he leads.

Ryan's long-time news media nemesis, the website Breitbart, said Republicans were "openly discussing" finding a replacement for him after he pulled a bill to roll back Obamacare from the House floor just minutes before an intensely awaited final vote. The Breitbart article did not quote anyone by name.

In the House, just after the bill was pulled, several lawmakers brushed aside suggestions that the failure spelled trouble for Ryan, the 2012 Republican vice presidential candidate, who many have speculated has presidential ambitions.

Ryan, 47, has been speaker since October 2015. Under the law, he is next in line to the presidency after Vice President Mike Pence.

Republican Representative Justin Amash, a harsh critic of the ill-fated healthcare bill, told reporters, "We can do better with the legislative process." But, he added, "Nobody is talking about" trying to oust Ryan as speaker.

Amash had disparagingly dubbed the Republican healthcare bill "Obamacare 2.0," after Democratic former President Barack Obama's signature domestic policy achievement, the 2010 Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare.

Amash is a member of the hard-line conservative Freedom Caucus, which in 2015 ousted Ryan's predecessor as speaker, John Boehner, from the post. The caucus played a key role in the demise of the healthcare bill.

Ryan chose to make healthcare reform the first target on a list of legislative goals for the new Republican-majority Congress. He admitted on Friday that he was disappointed by the outcome.

Republicans faced resistance to the healthcare bill from both conservatives and moderates, making the process of winning passage difficult for the leadership.

ALSO IN POLITICS

Trump tastes failure as U.S. House healthcare bill collapses
For Trump, it was the lost art of the deal
Republican Representative Joe Barton, asked about the impact of Friday's loss on Ryan, told reporters: "The speaker is a human being. He's not Superman."

Republican Representative Barry Loudermilk, who backed the healthcare bill, said he didn't think the loss weakened the speaker's hand.

One Republican lawmaker who has been considered potential speaker material, Representative Jeb Hensarling of Texas, effusively praised Ryan, saying he had shown "phenomenal leadership."

"It is my hope that we can regroup and rally behind him (Ryan) and the president as a conference to deliver on our promise" to dismantle Obamacare, Hensarling said in a statement.
Iran denies harassing U.S. warships in Gulf, warns of clashes.
Iran denied on Saturday U.S. accusations that its fast-attack boats were "harassing" warships at the mouth of the Gulf, and said Washington would be responsible for any clashes in the key oil shipping route.

U.S. Navy commanders earlier accused Iran of jeopardizing international navigation by "harassing" warships passing through the Strait of Hormuz and said future incidents could result in miscalculation and lead to an armed clash.

They spoke after the U.S. aircraft carrier George H.W. Bush confronted what one of the commanding officers described as two sets of Iranian Navy fast-attack boats that had approached a U.S.-led, five-vessel flotilla as it entered the Strait on Tuesday on a journey from the Indian Ocean into the Gulf.

It was the first time a U.S. carrier entered the narrow waterway, where up to 30 percent of global oil exports pass, since President Donald Trump took office in January pledging a tougher U.S. stance towards Iran.

In Tehran, Brigadier General Masoud Jazayeri, deputy chief of staff of Iran's armed forces, said the U.S. claims of the confrontation in the Gulf were based on "false reports or ulterior motives", the state news agency IRNA reported.

"We emphasize that the Americans would be responsible for any unrest in the Persian Gulf, and again warn that the U.S. military must change its behavior," Jazayeri said, without elaborating.

U.S. commanders earlier said Tuesday's incident, in which the George H.W. Bush sent helicopter gunships to hover over the Iranian speedboats as some came as close as 950 yards (870 meters) from the aircraft carrier, ended without a shot being fired.

ALSO IN WORLD NEWS

U.S. confirms coalition strike in Mosul district where dozens reported killed
France's Macron ahead in polls, Fillon faces angry protesters
But it underscored growing tension between the United States and Iran since the election of Trump, who has condemned the 2015 nuclear deal that his predecessor Barack Obama and leaders of five other world powers struck with Tehran and labeled the Islamic Republic "the number one terrorist state".

The encounter with Iranian Navy boats occurred as the USS George H.W. Bush was en route to the northern part of the Gulf to participate in U.S.-led air strikes against Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria.

Earlier in March, Iran disputed the U.S. account of another confrontation in the Strait of Hormuz between its speedboats and a U.S. Navy vessel.
Trump greenlights Keystone XL pipeline, but obstacles loom | Reuters

By Jeff Mason and Ethan Lou | WASHINGTON/CALGARY, Alberta
U.S. President Donald Trump's administration approved TransCanada Corp's (TRP.TO) Keystone XL pipeline on Friday, cheering the oil industry and angering environmentalists even as further hurdles for the controversial project loom.

The approval reverses a decision by former President Barack Obama to reject the project, but the company still needs to win financing, acquire local permits, and fend off likely legal challenges for the pipeline to be built.

"TransCanada will finally be allowed to complete this long-overdue project with efficiency and with speed," Trump said in the Oval Office before turning to ask TransCanada Chief Executive Officer Russell Girling when construction would start.

"We've got some work to do in Nebraska to get our permits there," Girling replied.

"Nebraska?" Trump said. "I'll call Nebraska."

Trump announced the presidential permit for Keystone XL at the White House with Girling and Sean McGarvey, president of North America's Building Trades Unions, standing nearby. He said the project would lower consumer fuel prices, create jobs and reduce U.S. dependence on foreign oil.

The pipeline linking Canadian oil sands to U.S. refiners had been blocked by Obama, who said it would do nothing to reduce fuel prices for U.S. motorists and would contribute to emissions linked to global warming.

Trump, however, campaigned on a promise to approve it, and he signed an executive order soon after taking office in January to advance the project.

TransCanada's U.S.-listed shares (TRP.N) dipped 5 cents to close at $46.21 on Friday.

JOBS

Trump has claimed the project would create 28,000 jobs in the United States. But a 2014 State Department study predicted just 3,900 construction jobs and 35 permanent jobs.



The president said he would get in touch with Nebraska Governor Pete Ricketts later in the day.

TransCanada applied to the Nebraska Public Service Commission in February for approval of the pipeline's route through the state. The company said it expects that process to conclude this year.

Ricketts said in a statement posted on Twitter that the project would help his state.

"I have full confidence that the Public Service Commission will conduct a thorough and fair review of the application," he said.

The White House has said the pipeline is exempt from a Trump executive order requiring new pipelines to be made from U.S. steel, because much of the pipe for the project has already been built and stockpiled.

"As we move forward, we'll continue to look to buy the rest of the materials we need from ... American manufacturers. We'll put American workers to work," Girling told reporters.

Environmental groups vowed to fight it.

Greenpeace said it would pressure banks to withhold financing for the multibillion-dollar project, and others said they would fight the pipeline in court.

"We'll use every tool in the kit," said Rhea Suh, president of the Natural Resources Defense Council.

Since Obama had nixed the pipeline based on an environmental assessment commissioned by the State Department in early 2014, opponents will likely argue in court that Trump cannot reverse the decision without conducting a new assessment.

CHALLENGES

Fred Jauss, partner at the international law firm Dorsey & Whitney and a former attorney with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, said local permitting would also be a challenge.

"The Presidential Permit is only one part of a web of federal, state, and local permits that must be obtained prior to starting construction," he said. "Other federal agencies, such as the Army Corps of Engineers, state regulatory commissions, and even local planning boards may have requirements that need to be fulfilled by Keystone prior to construction."

"In addition, TransCanada may still need to reach deals with hundreds of potentially affected landowners on the pipeline’s route. There is a lot of work ahead for TransCanada.”

The Keystone XL pipeline would bring more than 800,000 barrels per day of heavy crude from Canada's oil sands in Alberta into Nebraska, linking to an existing pipeline network feeding U.S. refineries and ports along the Gulf of Mexico.

The project could be a boon for Canada, which has struggled to bring its vast oil reserves to market.

"Our government has always been supportive of the Keystone XL pipeline and we are pleased with the U.S. decision," said a spokesman for Canada's minister of natural resources. "The importance of a common, continental energy market cannot be overstated."

The president of the American Petroleum Institute, Jack Gerard, said the approval was "welcome news" and would bolster U.S. energy security.

Expedited approval of projects is part of Trump's approach to a 10-year, $1 trillion infrastructure package he promised on the campaign trail. The White House is looking for ways to speed up approvals and permits for other infrastructure projects, which can sometimes take years to go through a regulatory maze.

TransCanada tried for more than five years to build the 1,179-mile (1,897-km) pipeline, until Obama rejected it in 2015. The company resubmitted its application for the project in January, after Trump signed the executive order smoothing its path.

(Additional reporting by Timothy Gardner in Washington, Luciana Lopez in New York, Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru, and Denny Thomas in Toronto; Writing by Richard Valdmanis and Jeff Mason; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Matthew Lewis).
Obamacare exploding? Maybe just a slow burn.
Obamacare exploding? Maybe just a slow burn | Reuters

U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday that Obamacare was "exploding" after Republican lawmakers shelved legislation that would have dismantled the healthcare law.

That's not going to happen this month. Probably not even this year.

The more than 12 million people who bought 2017 health insurance plans on HealthCare.gov and other websites the law created are not in danger of losing their healthcare or having their premiums go up right now, experts say.

But 2018 is another story.

Republicans could choose to pass a budget that defunds Obamacare's cost-sharing subsidies, which help low-income people cover out-of-pocket and other medical costs. But that would be highly unpopular among consumers who would likely blame the president and Congress for skyrocketing healthcare costs, experts said.

"That is one of the ways that is available to monkey wrench the Affordable Care Act," said Morgan Tilleman, an associate with the law firm Foley & Lardner, who represents insurers.

Obamacare, former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature legislation created by the Affordable Care Act of 2010, has had a tough beginning. The mix of sick and healthy customers has been worse than expected, and premium rates on the individual insurance market went up 25 percent this year.

Other parts of the law, like the expansion of Medicaid to enhance coverage for the poor, and changes to allow young people to stay on their parents' health plans, have been popular. And the defeat of the bill is a win for the hospitals that have benefited from those increased Medicaid dollars.

But many counties across the country have only one insurer, after Humana Inc, Aetna Inc and UnitedHealth Group Inc pulled out after reporting hundreds of millions of dollars of losses.

The insurers who are left, Anthem Inc and other BlueCross BlueShield insurers across the country, as well as smaller players like Centene Corp and Molina Healthcare Inc need to decide in the next few months where to sell insurance and how much to charge.

And that is where the market's slow burn takes off, with insurers leaving and premiums rising.

Jeff Jonas, a portfolio manager at Gabelli Funds who focuses on health care, said that for consumers, 2018 looks uncertain, with a "death spiral" of decreasing competition and increasing premium rates ramping up.

LOOKING TO 2018

After the failed Republican effort to push through the bill, insurers are looking at changes to help 2018, America's Health Insurance Plans spokeswoman Kristine Grow said.

That includes the market's cost-sharing subsidies as well as other government payments for sicker-than-usual customers and finalizing a rule the Trump administration proposed that addresses issues insurers say drives up costs.

The Trump administration could do some of that itself if it wants to, such as using its regulatory authority to adjust the formula for how it compensates insurers for the sickest people, Elizabeth Carpenter at healthcare consultancy and research firm Avalere Health said.

But it is unknown if the administration will try to work within the law's existing framework or take actions to undermine it and blame the Democrats for its failure.

"If they fail to act and they don't act in an appropriate way, that will further destabilize the marketplace," Dr. Mario Molina, CEO of Molina Healthcare, said. Molina's enrollment ballooned to 1 million exchange enrollees this year and the company is weighing if it will submit plans for next year.

The administration could also decide to not enforce the individual mandate, which requires that everyone purchase health insurance or pay a fine. It already took steps to erode that provision last month, when it backed off implementing tougher oversight that was due to go into effect for 2016 taxes.

Experts said the individual mandate still cost less than purchasing insurance, but as it increases each year more young and healthy people would have incentive to join the healthcare market, helping to offset the cost of sicker patients.

The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated that 14 million more people would be uninsured under the Republican bill next year, with most of the increase coming from the repeal of the penalty associated with the individual mandate.

It's unclear what the Republicans will do. Trump said this bill had been shelved but that Republicans would end up with a "great" healthcare bill in the future, but for now that they are moving onto tax reform.

Until they do that, they will have to work within the 2010 Affordable Care Act. It can also undercut the healthcare law through regulatory authority at the Department of Health and Human Services.

(Reporting by Caroline Humer and Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)Obamacare exploding? Maybe just a slow burn | Reuters

U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday that Obamacare was "exploding" after Republican lawmakers shelved legislation that would have dismantled the healthcare law.

That's not going to happen this month. Probably not even this year.

The more than 12 million people who bought 2017 health insurance plans on HealthCare.gov and other websites the law created are not in danger of losing their healthcare or having their premiums go up right now, experts say.

But 2018 is another story.

Republicans could choose to pass a budget that defunds Obamacare's cost-sharing subsidies, which help low-income people cover out-of-pocket and other medical costs. But that would be highly unpopular among consumers who would likely blame the president and Congress for skyrocketing healthcare costs, experts said.

"That is one of the ways that is available to monkey wrench the Affordable Care Act," said Morgan Tilleman, an associate with the law firm Foley & Lardner, who represents insurers.

Obamacare, former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature legislation created by the Affordable Care Act of 2010, has had a tough beginning. The mix of sick and healthy customers has been worse than expected, and premium rates on the individual insurance market went up 25 percent this year.

Other parts of the law, like the expansion of Medicaid to enhance coverage for the poor, and changes to allow young people to stay on their parents' health plans, have been popular. And the defeat of the bill is a win for the hospitals that have benefited from those increased Medicaid dollars.

But many counties across the country have only one insurer, after Humana Inc, Aetna Inc and UnitedHealth Group Inc pulled out after reporting hundreds of millions of dollars of losses.

The insurers who are left, Anthem Inc and other BlueCross BlueShield insurers across the country, as well as smaller players like Centene Corp and Molina Healthcare Inc need to decide in the next few months where to sell insurance and how much to charge.

And that is where the market's slow burn takes off, with insurers leaving and premiums rising.

Jeff Jonas, a portfolio manager at Gabelli Funds who focuses on health care, said that for consumers, 2018 looks uncertain, with a "death spiral" of decreasing competition and increasing premium rates ramping up.

LOOKING TO 2018

After the failed Republican effort to push through the bill, insurers are looking at changes to help 2018, America's Health Insurance Plans spokeswoman Kristine Grow said.

That includes the market's cost-sharing subsidies as well as other government payments for sicker-than-usual customers and finalizing a rule the Trump administration proposed that addresses issues insurers say drives up costs.

The Trump administration could do some of that itself if it wants to, such as using its regulatory authority to adjust the formula for how it compensates insurers for the sickest people, Elizabeth Carpenter at healthcare consultancy and research firm Avalere Health said.

But it is unknown if the administration will try to work within the law's existing framework or take actions to undermine it and blame the Democrats for its failure.

"If they fail to act and they don't act in an appropriate way, that will further destabilize the marketplace," Dr. Mario Molina, CEO of Molina Healthcare, said. Molina's enrollment ballooned to 1 million exchange enrollees this year and the company is weighing if it will submit plans for next year.

The administration could also decide to not enforce the individual mandate, which requires that everyone purchase health insurance or pay a fine. It already took steps to erode that provision last month, when it backed off implementing tougher oversight that was due to go into effect for 2016 taxes.

Experts said the individual mandate still cost less than purchasing insurance, but as it increases each year more young and healthy people would have incentive to join the healthcare market, helping to offset the cost of sicker patients.

The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated that 14 million more people would be uninsured under the Republican bill next year, with most of the increase coming from the repeal of the penalty associated with the individual mandate.

It's unclear what the Republicans will do. Trump said this bill had been shelved but that Republicans would end up with a "great" healthcare bill in the future, but for now that they are moving onto tax reform.

Until they do that, they will have to work within the 2010 Affordable Care Act. It can also undercut the healthcare law through regulatory authority at the Department of Health and Human Services.

(Reporting by Caroline Humer and Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)

Page 2 of 2
By James Oliphant | WASHINGTON
In the end, the Closer couldn’t close the deal.

For President Donald Trump, the collapse on Friday of his first legislative priority, a healthcare reform bill, was an embarrassing loss of face after he and his administration insisted up until the time of the vote by the U.S. House of Representatives that there was enough Republican support.

It brings into question the neophyte president’s ability to move big-ticket legislation through Congress. And for a celebrity businessman who brands himself a deal-maker and fixer, it casts doubt over his ability to deliver on his bold "drain-the-swamp" promises to shake up Washington.

The White House wants to advance, among other things, tax reform and a massive infrastructure package this year, but now it must address whether a change of approach is needed and whether congressional allies such as House Speaker Paul Ryan can be counted on to deliver.

"This is the most consequential day of Trump's presidency and it's not just a failure, it's a stunning failure,” Charlie Sykes, an influential Wisconsin Republican political commentator and frequent Trump critic, said on Twitter.

Trump appeared to chalk up the loss in part to his own inexperience after House leaders pulled their bill to repeal and replace Obamacare following defections by both moderate and far-right Republican members who were unmoved by Trump's ultimatum to vote for the plan or live with the current system.

“We learned a lot about loyalty. We learned a lot about the vote-getting process,” Trump said after the bill was withdrawn, adding that he would move forward with other priorities.

It was yet another setback for an administration barely two months in office that has already seen its national security adviser resign, had its immigration restrictions struck down in courts, and faces a barrage of questions about the Trump campaign's ties to Russia.

Trump’s hallmark salesmanship seemed to abandon him this week. Although he furiously courted the hard-line conservatives opposed to the reform bill, they largely refused to yield, and in the process he alienated moderates who initially supported the bill.

The president then switched tactics and gave up trying to bring the conservative opponents into the fold, instead delivering an ultimatum that all Republicans needed to back the bill. That did not work either.

Trump also failed to persuade the American public that the bill was an improvement over the one it would have repealed and replaced: the Affordable Care Act - the signature domestic achievement of former Democratic President Barack Obama. Polls showed the replacement bill to be deeply unpopular, and conservative Republicans complained that their offices were being deluged by calls from constituents opposing it.

“This demonstrates that campaigning and legislating are two different things,” said Jim Manley, once a top aide to former Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid.

Representative Joe Barton of Texas blamed the failure on Republicans who control the White House, Senate and the House still learning how to govern after eight years of Obama.

"Sometimes you’re playing fantasy football and sometimes you’re in the real game,” Barton told Reuters.

Representative Mario Diaz-Balart of Florida called it “a big blow" for the Republican agenda.

Trump’s efforts to engage the bill’s opponents at times seemed to muddy the process further, as he largely cut Ryan out of negotiations. (Ryan didn't seem to mind, calling Trump a "great closer.")

But even as Trump offered concessions, conservatives did not budge and moderates were angered.

Stuart Diamond, a professor who teaches negotiation at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, said Trump’s strong-arm tactics backfired.

“Threats don't work in general,” he said. “They cause damage to relationships. They definitely don't work in a situation with a lot of different stakeholders, where the power is distributed.”

ESCAPING A LOOMING DISASTER

After the bill was revised along Trump’s specifications, the Congressional Budget Office, which analyzes the financial impact of proposed legislation, determined that the bill would deprive 24 million Americans of health insurance over the next decade and slice about $150 billion off the budget deficit.

The CBO said the bill would not affect the number of uninsured but it would reduce the budget deficit significantly less than the original bill, troubling fiscal hawks. Even as Trump and the White House pushed harder, opposition to the bill among the rank and file rose.

Representative Bill Huizenga, a Michigan Republican who is also a small-business owner, said Trump was still getting used to governing. “There are parallels between government and business, but they are not exactly the same.”

The lesson from the debacle, said John Feehery, a Republican strategist who was an aide to former House Speaker Dennis Hastert, is that the White House needs to take a firmer hand in crafting legislative strategy. On healthcare, Trump largely deferred to Ryan’s office, which drafted the bill in secret, sowing mistrust among conservatives.

Congress now faces arguably an even tougher legislative reform: overhauling the tax code, which has not been done since 1986 and involves navigating a snake pit of competing special interests. Like Trump's healthcare proposal, it could struggle against public opinion, with Democrats likely to cast it as a Republican giveaway to the rich.

There was also a feeling among some Republicans that they had escaped a looming disaster. Even if the bill had passed the House, it faced a radical overhaul in the Senate, meaning both chambers would have been tied up battling over the bill for weeks, perhaps months.

And if it became law and millions of voters lost health insurance, some Republicans feared they could suffer at the polls.

Instead, those Republicans have to hope voters will not punish them for failing to deliver on a promise they had been making since Obamacare was passed in 2010, and that they will still believe this president when he says he can strike a deal.

“This is a promise the GOP made to voters. They need to get it right,” said Rachel Bovard, a policy analyst at the conservative Heritage Foundation, as she urged Republicans to "start over."

It is unclear when that could happen. "This bill is dead,” said Representative Greg Walden of Oregon, a member of the House leadership team.

(Additional reporting by Dustin Volz, Richard Cowan and Joseph Ax; Editing by Jason Szep and Leslie Adler)
Planned Parenthood sees brief reprieve after healthcare bill yanked

FILE PHOTO: Planned Parenthood South Austin Health Center is seen in Austin, Texas, U.S. on June 27, 2016.   REUTERS/Ilana Panich-Linsman/File Photo
Planned Parenthood, the national health organization that would have lost federal funding under sweeping healthcare overhaul legislation, views the withdrawal of the bill on Friday as a temporary reprieve, not the end of a threat to its existence.

Officials of the organization - long a target of those who oppose its abortion services - anticipate further attempts by Republicans to curb its participation in federally funded public health programs, a major source of its funding.

In a major setback for Republican President Donald Trump, U.S. House of Representatives leaders pulled the healthcare bill after a rebellion by Republican moderates and the party's most conservative lawmakers left them short of votes. Democrats were unified against it.

Planned Parenthood leaders will meet in Washington next week to plan their strategy for coming rounds in what they see as a protracted fight.

"It's one good night's sleep, and then we have to see what they are going to cook up," Chris Charbonneau, chief executive of Planned Parenthood of the Great Northwest and the Hawaiian Islands, said in a phone interview. "They're trying to find some vehicle that they could hook some Planned Parenthood defund(ing) to."

Many Republicans oppose the organization, some on religious grounds, because its healthcare services include abortions, although it receives no federal funding or reimbursement for abortions, as stipulated by federal law.

The federal funding it receives is primarily through reimbursement via Medicaid and the Title X Family Planning grant program for its care for low-income patients.

Abortion opponents said Republican leaders had promised for years to end federal reimbursement for Planned Parenthood, and that voters would continue to hold them to this. Before winning the presidential election in November, Trump had also promised to defund Planned Parenthood, and fought to get the healthcare bill passed.

"I'm confident the Republicans in Congress and the president will move ahead and defund Planned Parenthood," said Joe Pojman, executive director of the anti-abortion Texas Alliance for Life.

The issue "is so dear to the electorate who put the Republicans and president in office," he said after the bill was pulled.

On the other side of the issue, Georges Benjamin, the American Public Health Association's executive director, welcomed the withdrawal of the legislation, and said the renewed public attention on Planned Parenthood may make future efforts to limit its funding more difficult.

"I think in many ways it's going to be harder for them to go after Planned Parenthood, not that they won't," he said in a telephone interview.

"I hope people recognize that Planned Parenthood did more than abortions, that they recognize it has a broader portfolio," he said, referring to services such as cancer screenings provided by the organization.

PUBLIC SUPPORT

The proposed American Health Care Act (AHCA) would have repealed many parts of the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, which Democratic President Barack Obama signed into law in 2010.

Charbonneau and other Planned Parenthood officials pointed to a widespread outpouring of public opposition to AHCA as one of the reasons that its moderate Republican backers could not reach a compromise with members of the conservative Freedom Caucus, who demanded a complete evisceration of Obamacare.

"The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!" Trump wrote in a message on Twitter on Friday morning.Public opinion polls found the AHCA bill was unpopular among Americans, including Republican voters, and that there was broad public support for funding some of Planned Parenthood's work. In a Reuters-Ipsos poll conducted last month, almost half of 5,459 American adults surveyed said Planned Parenthood should receive federal funding; about a third said they should not.

Even so, about 70 percent of those people said Planned Parenthood should get the money when they were asked about specific services such as free cancer screenings, contraception and prenatal care. Women were significantly more likely than men to think the organization deserved funding.

The Planned Parenthood Federation of America had described the Republicans' proposed law as containing a "long list of anti-women's health provisions" in a statement earlier this week. The federation's president, Cecile Richards, cheered its withdrawal on Friday.

The organization said that 2.5 million men, women and children rely on Planned Parenthood for cancer screenings, medical testing, contraception, abortions and other healthcare services each year at around 700 health centers around the country.

The warnings were echoed by two dozen national public health organizations, including the American Public Health Association, the American Nurses Association and the American College of Nurse-Midwives, in a letter to U.S. lawmakers in February. They argued that in some parts of the country, particularly rural areas, Planned Parenthood was the only nearby provider of health services.

(Reporting by Jonathan Allen and Jilian Mincer in New York; Additional reporting Letitia Stein in Tampa; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
North Dakota governor approves concealed guns without a permit

FILE PHOTO: Morgan Meritt of Del City, Oklahoma, joins other members of the Oklahoma Open Carry Association (OKOCA) wearing unconcealed side arms as they gather at Beverly's Pancake House in Oklahoma City November 1, 2012.  REUTERS/Bill Waugh/File Photo
North Dakotans will no longer need a permit to carry a concealed weapon after Republican Governor Doug Burgum signed legislation lifting restrictions, a victory for gun rights advocates that came a week after South Dakota's governor vetoed a similar bill.

The law, which takes effect on Aug. 1, mandates that gun owners only need a North Dakota driver's license or state identification card for at least a year before they can carry a concealed firearm in public.

Under current regulations, applicants must take a test to obtain a permit which entails fees of more than $100.

The measure, signed late on Thursday, was approved by the

Republican-controlled legislature despite concerns over public safety if the state made it easier to carry hidden weapons. Advocates framed the issue in terms of the constitutional right to bear arms.

"North Dakota has a rich heritage of hunting and a culture of deep respect for firearm safety," Burgum said. "As a hunter and gun owner myself, I strongly support gun rights for law-abiding citizens."

The legislation makes North Dakota the 12th state to allow gun owners to carry their weapons without a concealed-carry permit, according to the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, which opposes the practice.

"There's kind of a mythology around this idea that if you're going armed in public, you're going to be able to save the day, but actually it's more likely you will get yourself hurt or hurt an innocent person," said Laura Cutilletta, a managing attorney with the center.

Burgum said his state's bill would not make it easier for criminals to obtain guns. Firearms dealers still must comply with federal background checks to ensure purchasers are not convicted felons, he said.

Last week, South Dakota Governor Dennis Daugaard, a Republican, vetoed a measure to allow carrying a concealed weapon without a permit. He defended existing rules as reasonable, saying lawful gun owners have easily obtained concealed carry permits.

Last year, the San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals found the U.S. Constitution does not grant any fundamental right to carry a concealed firearm in public.

The ruling upheld the authority of officials to grant permits to those facing a specific danger but only applied to states in the western United States.

The U.S. Supreme Court in 2013 declined to accept a case that involved the issue of whether firearm owners have a constitutional right to carry concealed guns.

Thirty-one states have "open carry" laws, allowing handgun owners to carry weapons in full view without a license, according to the center.

(Reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis in Los Angeles; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
More Americans reach for a daily coffee in 2017: NCA

Bubbles form on the surface of a cup of coffee in a cafe in New York, April 11, 2014.   REUTERS/Carlo Allegri/File Photo
By Marcy Nicholson | AUSTIN, Texas
More Americans are drinking a daily cup of coffee in 2017, a reversal of four years of declines, as gourmet brews gain in popularity, according to an industry group's report released on Saturday.

"More of us are drinking coffee, and younger consumers appear to be leading the charge," said National Coffee Association USA (NCA) Chief Executive Officer Bill Murray.

"A steadily growing taste for gourmet varieties is also driving a wider trend toward specialty beverages," he said.

Gourmet coffee is brewed from what survey participants view to be premium beans and includes espresso-based drinks like cappuccinos.

The National Coffee Drinking Trends report showed that 62 percent of more than 3,000 people who participated in the online survey said they had drunk coffee the previous day, which is interpreted as daily consumption.

This was up from 57 percent in 2016, said the report, which was released at the coffee association's conference in Austin, Texas.

The increase appeared in all age groups, with 37 percent of 13-to-18-year-olds reporting they had a coffee the day prior, up from 31 percent in 2016.

Daily consumption spread to 64 percent of 40-to-59-year-olds from 53 percent last year, but this brought levels around those of 2014, according to the report.

Among types of coffee, the increase was most pronounced in gourmet varieties. About 24 percent of survey participants said they drank an espresso-based drink the day prior. The jump from 18 percent in 2016 was the biggest for this category.

Ownership of single-cup brewers was also on the rise, increasing to 33 percent of respondents from 29 percent a year ago.

The association has been conducting the survey annually since 1950. The margin of error is around 1.7 percent.

(Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
For Trump, it was the lost art of the deal | Reuters

By James Oliphant | WASHINGTON
In the end, the Closer couldn’t close the deal.

For President Donald Trump, the collapse on Friday of his first legislative priority, a healthcare reform bill, was an embarrassing loss of face after he and his administration insisted up until the time of the vote by the U.S. House of Representatives that there was enough Republican support.

It brings into question the neophyte president’s ability to move big-ticket legislation through Congress. And for a celebrity businessman who brands himself a deal-maker and fixer, it casts doubt over his ability to deliver on his bold "drain-the-swamp" promises to shake up Washington.

The White House wants to advance, among other things, tax reform and a massive infrastructure package this year, but now it must address whether a change of approach is needed and whether congressional allies such as House Speaker Paul Ryan can be counted on to deliver.

"This is the most consequential day of Trump's presidency and it's not just a failure, it's a stunning failure,” Charlie Sykes, an influential Wisconsin Republican political commentator and frequent Trump critic, said on Twitter.

Trump appeared to chalk up the loss in part to his own inexperience after House leaders pulled their bill to repeal and replace Obamacare following defections by both moderate and far-right Republican members who were unmoved by Trump's ultimatum to vote for the plan or live with the current system.

“We learned a lot about loyalty. We learned a lot about the vote-getting process,” Trump said after the bill was withdrawn, adding that he would move forward with other priorities.

It was yet another setback for an administration barely two months in office that has already seen its national security adviser resign, had its immigration restrictions struck down in courts, and faces a barrage of questions about the Trump campaign's ties to Russia.

Trump’s hallmark salesmanship seemed to abandon him this week. Although he furiously courted the hard-line conservatives opposed to the reform bill, they largely refused to yield, and in the process he alienated moderates who initially supported the bill.

The president then switched tactics and gave up trying to bring the conservative opponents into the fold, instead delivering an ultimatum that all Republicans needed to back the bill. That did not work either.

Trump also failed to persuade the American public that the bill was an improvement over the one it would have repealed and replaced: the Affordable Care Act - the signature domestic achievement of former Democratic President Barack Obama. Polls showed the replacement bill to be deeply unpopular, and conservative Republicans complained that their offices were being deluged by calls from constituents opposing it.

“This demonstrates that campaigning and legislating are two different things,” said Jim Manley, once a top aide to former Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid.

Representative Joe Barton of Texas blamed the failure on Republicans who control the White House, Senate and the House still learning how to govern after eight years of Obama.

"Sometimes you’re playing fantasy football and sometimes you’re in the real game,” Barton told Reuters.

Representative Mario Diaz-Balart of Florida called it “a big blow" for the Republican agenda.

Trump’s efforts to engage the bill’s opponents at times seemed to muddy the process further, as he largely cut Ryan out of negotiations. (Ryan didn't seem to mind, calling Trump a "great closer.")

But even as Trump offered concessions, conservatives did not budge and moderates were angered.

Stuart Diamond, a professor who teaches negotiation at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, said Trump’s strong-arm tactics backfired.

“Threats don't work in general,” he said. “They cause damage to relationships. They definitely don't work in a situation with a lot of different stakeholders, where the power is distributed.”

ESCAPING A LOOMING DISASTER

After the bill was revised along Trump’s specifications, the Congressional Budget Office, which analyzes the financial impact of proposed legislation, determined that the bill would deprive 24 million Americans of health insurance over the next decade and slice about $150 billion off the budget deficit.

The CBO said the bill would not affect the number of uninsured but it would reduce the budget deficit significantly less than the original bill, troubling fiscal hawks. Even as Trump and the White House pushed harder, opposition to the bill among the rank and file rose.

Representative Bill Huizenga, a Michigan Republican who is also a small-business owner, said Trump was still getting used to governing. “There are parallels between government and business, but they are not exactly the same.”

The lesson from the debacle, said John Feehery, a Republican strategist who was an aide to former House Speaker Dennis Hastert, is that the White House needs to take a firmer hand in crafting legislative strategy. On healthcare, Trump largely deferred to Ryan’s office, which drafted the bill in secret, sowing mistrust among conservatives.

Congress now faces arguably an even tougher legislative reform: overhauling the tax code, which has not been done since 1986 and involves navigating a snake pit of competing special interests. Like Trump's healthcare proposal, it could struggle against public opinion, with Democrats likely to cast it as a Republican giveaway to the rich.

There was also a feeling among some Republicans that they had escaped a looming disaster. Even if the bill had passed the House, it faced a radical overhaul in the Senate, meaning both chambers would have been tied up battling over the bill for weeks, perhaps months.

And if it became law and millions of voters lost health insurance, some Republicans feared they could suffer at the polls.

Instead, those Republicans have to hope voters will not punish them for failing to deliver on a promise they had been making since Obamacare was passed in 2010, and that they will still believe this president when he says he can strike a deal.

“This is a promise the GOP made to voters. They need to get it right,” said Rachel Bovard, a policy analyst at the conservative Heritage Foundation, as she urged Republicans to "start over."

It is unclear when that could happen. "This bill is dead,” said Representative Greg Walden of Oregon, a member of the House leadership team.

(Additional reporting by Dustin Volz, Richard Cowan and Joseph Ax; Editing by Jason Szep and Leslie Adler)
With healthcare bill dead, Republicans turn to taxes

FILE PHOTO: House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady (R-TX) speaks with the media on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., U.S., March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
By David Morgan | WASHINGTON
After failing to repeal Obamacare, Republicans in the U.S. Congress quickly pivoted on Friday to President Donald Trump's next priority: overhauling the federal tax code, but their plan has already split the business community.

Division among Republicans was the chief cause of the embarrassing setback on Obamacare, and similar fault lines have been evident for months in the Republicans' tax plan, mainly over an untested proposal to use the tax code to boost exports.

House of Representatives tax committee Chairman Kevin Brady conceded the demise of a Republican plan to roll back Obamacare could make the path to tax reform harder. "This made a big challenge more challenging. But it’s not insurmountable," he told Fox News after Ryan canceled a vote on an Obamacare rollback bill.

But Brady said he and House Speaker Paul Ryan are all-in on tax reform.

Brady said House Republicans plan to begin moving on tax reform this spring and to pass legislation before Congress's summer recess in late July.

"We’re going to work with the administration to get this done,” he said.

Trump has been unclear about his position on the most problematic feature of the House Republicans' tax "blueprint," a proposal known as the border adjustment tax that would cut taxes on exports and raise them on imports.

Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday that tax reform in many ways is "a lot simpler" than healthcare reform.

"We're able to take the tax code and redesign things and I think there is very, very strong support," Mnuchin said at an event hosted by news website Axios.

Comprehensive tax reform is a policy goal so complex that it has defied successive Congresses and presidents since 1986 when it was last accomplished under former President Ronald Reagan.

The U.S. tax code is riddled with narrow subsidies and loopholes, many of them deeply embedded in the economy and defended by the interests they benefit, such as the mortgage interest deduction and the business interest deductibility.

Brady's panel has been working on a plan since mid-2016 that would cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, end taxing foreign profits for U.S.-based multinationals and cut other tax rates for businesses and investors.

The plan has divided businesses, prompting import-dependent industries to warn of higher prices for consumer goods from clothing and electronics to gasoline.

Brady has been adamant that border adjustment will be part of the House tax reform, saying earlier this week that the provision was "a given" for final legislation but would include a transition period for import-heavy industries.

(Additional reporting by Eric Walsh and David Lawder; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Bernard Orr)
Democratic opposition to U.S. high court nominee grows

Supreme Court nominee judge Neil Gorsuch testifies during the third day of his Senate Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., March 22, 2017.  REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
A third of Democratic senators have so far announced they will vote against confirming U.S. President Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee, adding to a chorus of opposition from the left, but leaving questions over whether there will be a concerted effort to block a vote in the Senate.

To date, 16 of the 48 Democratic senators have publicly backed their leader, Chuck Schumer, who said on Thursday he opposes confirming appeals court judge Neil Gorsuch. Others have yet to announce their intentions.

Gorsuch is headed toward a Senate Judiciary Committee vote, likely on April 3, on his nomination to the high court after a marathon four-day confirmation hearing this week.

After that, it is not yet clear how much of a fight Democrats will put up when the nomination is due for a final vote in the 100-member Senate, where there are 52 Republicans.

The Democratic opposition to Gorsuch could prompt a showdown in the Senate and delay the judge's confirmation but ultimately the Republicans are likely to win that fight and avoid another setback in Congress for Trump who suffered a blow on Friday when lawmakers pulled a major healthcare bill.

Senate rules enable Democrats to insist on 60 votes to overcome a procedural move called a filibuster to allow a final up-or-down vote on confirming Gorsuch, 49, to the lifetime job on the nation's highest court. (GRAPHIC - Confirming Gorsuch: How it works tmsnrt.rs/2nANgEj)

But the Senate's Republican leadership could adopt a rule change allowing a vote that would only require a simple majority of the chamber. If eventually confirmed, Gorsuch would restore a conservative majority on the nine-seat high court.

For Democrats, putting up a fight would at least frustrate Trump and placate liberal activists sore about the Republican-led Senate’s refusal to vote on President Barack Obama’s nominee to the same open seat on the court last year.

If eventually confirmed, Gorsuch would restore a conservative majority on the nine-seat high court.

DEMOCRATS TARGETED

Conservative activists were targeting ten Democrats running for reelection in 2018 in states Trump won in the presidential election as possible "yes" votes for Gorsuch among Democrats.

Of that number, Sherrod Brown of Ohio, Bob Casey of Pennsylvania and Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin have already announced their opposition to the nomination. The other seven, including Joe Manchin of West Virginia, have yet to announce their plans.

Another Democratic senator under pressure from both sides on Gorsuch is Michael Bennet, who represents Gorsuch’s home state of Colorado. Bennet has yet to announce his position.

Republicans are also hopeful that some Democratic members of the judiciary committee, including Chris Coons of Delaware and Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, might be wary of blocking a vote on the nominee. Their spokesmen did not respond to requests seeking comment.

Don Stewart, a spokesman for Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said it would be an "unprecedented, even nuclear step" to require a 60-vote threshold before the Senate can vote on the nominee.

"There has never, in the history of the Republic, ever been a successful partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee," he added.

The last attempt to filibuster a nominee was a Democratic bid to block a vote on Justice Samuel Alito, who was nominated by President George W. Bush in 2005. Democrats failed to gather enough support and the Senate voted 72-25 to proceed to an up-or-down vote. Alito was eventually confirmed by 58-42.

Sarah Binder, a political scientist at George Washington University, said Democrats may be able to gather enough support to block a vote because so few of them are moderates from Republican-leaning states, meaning they may feel they have little to lose. If Trump’s popularity drops, that could embolden them further, she added.

(Reporting by Lawrence Hurley and Andrew Chung; Editing by Alistair Bell)
Powerful Texas Republican sees tough road for 'bathroom bill'

FILE PHOTO: Texas Speaker of the House of Representatives Joe Straus bangs his gavel signalling the passage of the HB2 bill restricting abortion rights in Austin, Texas July 9, 2013.  REUTERS/Mike Stone/File Photo
By Jon Herskovitz | AUSTIN, Texas
The Republican speaker of the Texas House of Representatives said on Friday a bill to limit bathroom access for transgender people would face a tough time in the chamber, where there are worries of an economic hit to the state if it became law.

Speaker Joe Straus, who sets the Republican-dominated House's legislative agenda, stopped short of saying the measure was doomed. He made his remarks at a University of Texas forum in Austin.

"I don’t feel a great deal of fervor to promote that bill in the House," Straus said.

Analysts expect Straus to send Senate Bill 6 (SB 6) to a committee led by one of his political supporters, who will keep it tucked away. The measure would then die when the current session ends in late May.

"Straus is signaling very clearly that SB 6 is dead," said Mark Jones, a professor of political science at Rice University in Houston.

Straus reiterated his opposition to the legislation, which was approved by the Republican-controlled state Senate this month on a mostly party-line vote.

The bill would require people to use restrooms in public schools and government-run buildings that correspond with the gender on their birth certificate rather than the gender with which they identify.

The speaker called it "manufactured and unnecessary."

The bill is one of several similar measures before various state legislatures this year on the issue.

A similar law enacted a year ago in North Carolina prompted the relocation of sporting events and economic boycotts that were estimated to have cost the state hundreds of millions of dollars.

The Texas Association of Business, the state's largest employers' group, has said such a law there would cost the state billions of dollars in lost revenue a year.

The bill's main backer, Republican Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, has said it would keep sexual predators out of bathrooms and changing rooms, and he has labeled as fiction reports that there would be economic effects on the state.

Straus' San Antonio district is planning to host the NCAA men's Final Four basketball championship next year. Economists forecast the region could lose more than $200 million in revenue if the legislation was passed and in response the NCAA were to relocate the championship.

(Reporting by Jon Herskovitz; Editing by Colleen Jenkins, Toni Reinhold)
Trump touts Charter hiring that was in works for two years | Reuters

U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday touted Charter Communications Inc's decision to invest $25 billion in the United States and a plan the company announced before he was elected to hire 20,000 workers over four years.

At a White House event with the second-largest U.S. cable company's Chief Executive Thomas Rutledge and Texas Governor Greg Abbott, Trump praised Charter for planning to close its offshore call centers and move them to the United States.

Much of the announcement was not new. Charter said last May that it planned to add 20,000 jobs as part of its merger with Time Warner Cable and acquisition of Bright House Networks. As early as June 2015, Rutledge said Charter would need an additional 20,000 employees after those deals.

On a number of occasions, Trump has touted job announcements at the White House that had been previously planned or announced

The company said more than a year ago in February 2016 that it planned to close foreign Time Warner Cable call centers and move the jobs to the United States.

On Friday, Trump said, "We're embracing a new economic model - the American Model. We’re going to massively eliminate job-killing regulations - that has started already, big league - reduce government burdens, and lower taxes that are crushing American businesses and American workers.

"You’re going to see thousands and thousands and thousands of jobs, of companies, and everything coming back into our country."

Charter, which has 24 million residential and business customers in 41 states, said on Friday it had committed to Trump to hiring those workers within four years. It plans to invest $25 billion in broadband infrastructure and technology in the next four years.

In May 2016 Rutledge said in a recorded interview there would be some overlap in management positions (after the TWC merger) but said the company would hire about 20,000 people over four years.

Rutledge said the broadband investment was being made "in the right regulatory climate and right tax climate ... We’re committed to spending that predicated on the kind of regulatory consistency and efficiency that we expect as a country."

Charter agreed in May 2016 to make significant broadband investment under a deal with the Federal Communications Commission that was part of winning approval to acquire the cable networks. At that time Charter agreed to extend high-speed internet access to another two million customers within five years, with one million served by a broadband competitor.

Federal Communications Commission chairman Ajit Pai said in a statement on Friday that the commission was "working to set rules of the road that encourage companies to build and upgrade broadband networks across the country." He credited the FCC's "investment-friendly policies" in part for Charter's commitments.

The agency is considering a petition by the American Cable Association to strike the requirement Charter extend service to areas already served by companies because it could harm smaller competitors.

Charter also touted its plans to open a new bilingual call center in McAllen, Texas and said it expects to employ 600 there by the end of 2018. Plans to open a call center in Texas were announced last October.

In December, Trump announced that telecommunications group Sprint Corp and U.S. satellite company OneWeb would bring 8,000 jobs to the United States, and the companies said the positions were part of a previously disclosed pledge by Japan's SoftBank Group Corp.

In January, Sprint Chief Executive Marcelo Claure said of its decision to shift 5,000 call center jobs to the United States that the company "had plans to do this for a while."

(Reporting By Steve Holland and David Shepardson in Washinggton Additional reporting by Anjali Athavaley in New York; Editing by Toni Reinhold)
Highlights: The Trump presidency on March 24 at 5:31 p.m. EDT

President Trump reacts to the AHCA health care bill being pulled by Congressional Republicans before a vote as he speaks in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump's administration on Friday:

HEALTHCARE

Trump suffers a stunning political setback in a Congress controlled by his own party when Republican leaders pull legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, a major 2016 election campaign promise of the president and his allies.

Trump says the healthcare legislation he supported had been "very, very close" to getting enough support in the House of Representatives and that now he probably will move on to tax reform.

Wall Street's predilection for a glass-half-full view of Trump is on full display as investors back off fears that a failure to repeal Obamacare would endanger his entire agenda in favor of optimism that he will simply get on with tax cuts and infrastructure spending.

Nearly half of American adults say the Republican healthcare reform measure that was pulled from consideration by the House is "not an improvement" over Obamacare, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll.

SURVEILLANCE

The partisan divide over the House Intelligence Committee's probe of Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election deepens when the committee's top Democrat suggested its Republican chairman canceled a public hearing after pressure from the White House.

SUPREME COURT

A third of Democratic senators have so far announced they will vote against confirming Trump's Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, adding to a chorus of opposition from the left, but leaving questions over whether there will be a concerted effort to block a vote in the Senate.

PIPELINE

Trump's administration approves TransCanada Corp's Keystone XL pipeline, cheering the oil industry and angering environmentalists even as further hurdles for the controversial project loom.

ECONOMY

U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says financial markets could improve "significantly" once they fully reflect the potential for economic growth from Trump's policies.

TRAVEL BAN

A federal judge in Virginia rules that Trump's travel ban was justified, increasing the likelihood the measure will go before the Supreme Court as the decision takes an opposing view to courts in Maryland and Hawaii that have halted the order.

CALIFORNIA CARS

California approves vehicle pollution targets that the Trump administration last week put on hold, setting up a potential face-off between federal and state regulators that could be expensive for automakers and a headache for consumers.

JOBS

Trump touts Charter Communications Inc's decision to invest $25 billion in the United States and its previously disclosed plan to hire 20,000 workers over four years.

(Compiled by Bill Trott and Jonathan Oatis; Editing by Sandra Maler and Lisa Shumaker)
Illinois governor vetoes Chicago pension fix, angers city's mayor

Bruce Rauner smiles after winning the midterm elections in Chicago, Illinois, November 4, 2014.  REUTERS/Jim Young
Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner on Friday vetoed a legislative fix favored by Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel for two of the city’s struggling pension funds and castigated it as a “kick-the-can approach.”

The financial footing and credit ratings for the nation’s third-largest city have slipped precipitously as its unfunded pension liabilities grew to $33.8 billion for Chicago’s four retirement systems in the most recent accounting.

The plan that passed the Illinois Senate unanimously in January and cleared the House overwhelmingly last December would have granted the state’s blessing to alter the city’s pension repayment schedule for its municipal and laborers' retirement systems.

The systems are projected to run out of money in the coming decade and were depending on legislative sign-off of the city’s enactment of a water and sewer usage tax and telephone surcharge designed to help get them 90 percent funded in 40 years.

City officials have acknowledged that more money will be needed starting in 2023 when payments will reach actuarially required levels.

But Rauner rejected the package, saying it created a payment schedule that eventually would necessitate a tax increase for Chicago. He said it needed to be part of a broader, statewide pension funding strategy to address Illinois’ $129.8 billion unfunded pension liability.

"This is another kick-the-can approach to pension funding that landed Chicago in fiscal crisis in the first place,” Rauner said in a prepared statement. “This bill will create an unsustainable funding schedule that will lead to tax increases without solving the real problem.”

A spokesman for the Democratic mayor slammed the Republican governor’s action as an “irresponsible and irrational decision.”

“Instead of helping secure the future of our taxpayers and middle-class retirees, the governor chose to hold them hostage – just as he has done to social service providers, schoolchildren and universities across the state,” Emanuel spokesman Adam Collins said in a statement, referring to Rauner’s inability to broker a state budget deal for 21 months.

Rauner’s action left Democrats with no ability to block his veto because the pension bailout passed in the previous session of the state General Assembly, which ended in mid-January, and the governor’s only options were to approve or reject the measure.

But the city is pinning its hopes on an identical piece of legislation that passed the newly seated state Senate in late January and is awaiting action in the House, Collins said.

(Editing by Matthew Lewis)
Tillerson to visit Turkey as Raqqa operation heats up

U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson delivers remarks at the morning ministerial plenary for the Global Coalition working to Defeat ISIS at the State Department in Washington, U.S., March 22, 2017.      REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will meet with senior Turkish officials in Ankara next week, in talks that could be vital to an advancing U.S.-backed campaign to retake the Syrian city of Raqqa from Islamic State, U.S. officials said on Friday.

Turkey has been pressing the United States to drop its military alliance with the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia, which it considers part of the Kurdistan Workers' Party that has been fighting an insurgency for three decades in Turkey.

But U.S. officials have long viewed Kurdish fighters as key to an approaching assault on Raqqa, Islamic State's de facto capital. It would work alongside Arab fighters in the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF).

Instead, Turkey wants the United States to draw from Syrian Arab rebel groups backed by Ankara for the final assault on Raqqa, a predominantly Arab city, proposals that so far have failed to convince U.S. officials who are not certain that the Turkish-backed Arab force is large and well-trained enough.

"We first need to work out details with Turkey," one senior official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.

The decision sets President Donald Trump's wish for quick battlefield victories against the need to maintain the United States' longstanding strategic alliance with Turkey, a NATO ally which provides the United States access to a base critical for the air war in Syria.

The Raqqa campaign appears to be gathering steam as an overlapping U.S.-backed effort in Iraq is drawing closer to driving Islamic State from the city of Mosul.

French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on Friday that the battle for Raqqa would likely start "in the coming days."

The head of the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia told Reuters last week that the assault would begin at the start of April, and that the YPG would be taking part.

Some U.S. officials think that timeline is too optimistic, noting that a major battle underway for Tabqa dam, about 25 miles (40 km) west of Raqqa, could take weeks to complete.

The Pentagon also has said the United States has not decided on the composition of an American-backed assault force in Raqqa.

The United States has about 1,000 troops in Syria at the moment, and the Raqqa campaign could involve hundreds more.

KURDISH CONUNDRUM

Senator John McCain, the Senate Armed Services Committee's chairman, suggested to reporters earlier this week that it would be hard to convince Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan of the merits of backing Kurdish fighters, even if they are the most effective weapon against Islamic State.

"The conundrum is that if you don't use the Kurds, it will take a lot longer while (Islamic State is) sending streams of terrorists out of Raqqa," McCain said.

"But if you do, you have an enormous challenge as far as relations with Turkey is concerned," he added.

McCain said the relationship with Erdogan was particularly important and cited an April 16 referendum on constitutional changes to extend his powers.

SAFE ZONES

Tillerson's meeting in Ankara also closely follows a meeting of 68 coalition partners this week in Washington, where they agreed to intensify the fight against Islamic State, including in Syria.

At Wednesday's meeting, Tillerson said the United States would create "interim zones of stability" through ceasefires to help refugees return home in the next phase of the fight against Islamic State and al Qaeda in Syria and Iraq.

He did not elaborate, although one U.S. official said there was not yet agreement among all American agencies on where and how such zones would be set up.

The U.S. military has long been skeptical of creating safe zones inside Syria or Iraq, partly because any safe zone guaranteed by the United States almost certainly would require some American military protection. Securing the ground alone would require thousands of troops, former U.S. officials and experts say.

The top U.S. commander on the ground, Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend, said earlier in March that, "We are building safe zones right now for all Iraqis and all Syrians to be safe from (Islamic State)."

Increased U.S. or allied air power would be required if Trump chooses to enforce "no fly" restrictions and ground forces might also be needed to protect civilians in those areas.

The State Department did not provide more details of Tillerson's trip to Turkey, but said he will visit Brussels on March 31 to participate in a rescheduled meeting of NATO foreign ministers.

The NATO meeting had been set for April 5-6, but it was rescheduled after Tillerson decided instead to attend a summit with China. That caused unease among European allies already worried about Trump's commitment to the Western military alliance.

(Reporting by Lesley Wroughton; Editing by John Walcott and Jonathan Oatis)
AAR unit wins $909.4 million U.S. defense contract: Pentagon

AAR Supply Chain Inc, a subsidiary of AAR Corp, has been awarded a $909.4 mln supply chain management contract for the U.S. Air Force's Landing Gear Performance Based Logistics One program, the Pentagon said on Friday.

Work will be performed at Wood Dale, Illinois; Miami; and Ogden, Utah, and is expected to be complete by March 31, 2032, the Pentagon said in a statement.

(Reporting by Eric Walsh; Editing by Eric Beech)
